[2]+  Stopped                 java -Xmx1024m -Xms1024m -classpath src:lib/stanford-parser-2010-11-30.jar:lib/stanford-postagger-2008-09-28.jar:lib/jdom.jar:../ACE02Navigator/src aceProcessor/ExtractSynInfo /Users/lixxx345/Documents/corpora/ace05/data/English/cts/adj ParsingOfACE/cts
x101-186-99-dhcp:ModelFileFactory lixxx345$ java -Xmx1024m -Xms1024m -classpath src:lib/stanford-parser-2010-11-30.jar:lib/stanford-postagger-2008-09-28.jar:lib/jdom.jar:../ACE02Navigator/src aceProcessor/ExtractSynInfo /Users/lixxx345/Documents/corpora/ace05/data/English/cts/adj ParsingOfACE
sgm file name: fsh_29097.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [3.3 sec].
 prompt 1. Future Elections Who do you think should run for President/VicePresident in 2008, and why?  Give details about the people you suggest- their names, what they do now, and why you think they would do agood job as President.  Some names that have come up in the press areHillary Clinton, Colin Powell, Barak Obama, Arnold Schwarzenegger andJeb Bush.  What do you think of these candidates? Who would hate tosee run for President in 2008? Suzanne Hi, I'm Suzanne from Philadelphia. Sara Hi, this is Sara, from California. Suzanne Hi. Sara Hey. Suzanne So who do you think should run? Sara uh -- I don't know. I was going to say, that's quite the topic.  um -- Ihaven't thought about it much.  I know my husband said he thinks -- thatuh -- Colin Powell should -- but I don't think he will. Suzanne I I don't he think will either, because he turned it down in twothousand and four. Sara Right, and Suzanne Sorry, two thousand and -- two thousand. Sara Two thousand, yeah, the one before that. Suzanne Yeah. Sara Yeah.  uh -- I'm not very fond of Hillary Clinton, so I -- I don't thinkI'd go for her, but -- but uh what do you think? Suzanne um -- I am reluctant to see another Bush brother on the ticket for theRepublicans Sara Mhm. Suzanne but I think that putting Jeb Bush would make h- -- the Republican ticketeasier to defeat. Sara Mhm. Suzanne um -- I really don't think that Hillary Clinton -- would be -- a good choicefor the Democrats. Sara Yeah. Suzanne um I don't think Barak Obama would be a very good choice for theDemocrats. Sara Uh-huh. Suzanne Just because he's -- he's really young, and he's going to be startingoff his career. Sara Uh-huh. Suzanne um I would almost like to see John Edwards on the ticket again. Sara Uh-huh. Yeah.  uh Yeah. Did they ever do that one? That's n- the-that's happened before, hasn't it, where someone who -- who wasdefeated ran again? Suzanne Yeah. Sara They don't do it very often, probably just because they figure if helost once, he'll Suzanne Well I I think he's a really good candidate, and four more years couldreally help him develop his um -- could help him develop -- hi- hisvoting record especially. Sara Right. Suzanne And I think that would help the Democratic ticket a lot. Sara Right, because that's something he got -- kind of -- uh -- got brought up alot. Suzanne Yeah. Sara Hm. Well, they -- let's see. Suzanne I mean, I'd like to s- -- I'd like to see the Greens run David Cobbagain. Sara Uh-huh.  uh See, hav- I haven't paid much attention to them, I -- Ikind of looked at the -- the other listed candidates -- but I figure -- theyd- -- they d- none of them had enough support to get close, so Suzanne Yeah. Sara um -- trying to think who else -- Arnold Schwarzenegger I don't think --well he's not qualified anyway, but Suzanne Well, they might change something, you know, between now and then. Sara I've heard people say that would take a -- I I don't think they will.uh That takes a Constitutional amendment. That's pretty hard to -- toget through. Suzanne Well, I mean, you live in California. How is he doing -- in your state? Sara Oh, I think he's done all right, um -- I I -- He's a he's a moderateRepublican, you know, he's not Suzanne Right. Sara he's not uh -- hard core Republican, so he works pretty well with -- sincethis is this is mostly a Democratic State.  He does pretty well. Suzanne um -- They've been talking about getting the Canadian-born governor ofI think Minnesota Sara Mhm. Suzanne to run as well. um Sara Hm. Suzanne It'd be the first woman running. Sara Right.  Have they never had a woman run before? I know they've Suzanne Well, Geraldine Ferraro -- well the first woman for a major party.Geraldine Ferraro ran Sara Uh-huh. Suzanne as Vice President -- for the Democrats, I believe Sara Uh-huh. Suzanne um -- in the eighties. Sara Right. Suzanne But they've never had a woman as a major candidate Sara Uh-huh. Suzanne for President. Sara Right.  Yeah. It's got to happen at some point. Suzanne Right. Because Elizabeth Dole didn't make it too well. Sara Right.  Yeah, she was she was going to be the -- was she going to be theVice President Suzanne I think she was g- actually going for President herself. Sara candidate?  She was actually going for President? Suzanne I'd like to see her come back. um I think she's fantastic. Sara Uh-huh.  Yeah, I Suzanne And she's she's not too hard-core Republican. Sara Right.  Yeah. I don't know. This -- This uh -- last election being justover, I hadn't really started thinking much about the next one. Suzanne Right.  Do you think any of the s- any other state governors have areally good chance?  uh I'm Sara You know, I I mean obviously, if Schwarzenegger could run, he's gotthe name recognition, but I would be really surprised -- both to see himrun and to see him win, but then again -- I was a little bit surprisedwhen he won California, so
prompt 1 .
Future Elections Who do you think should run for President\/VicePresident in 2008 , and why ?
Give details about the people you suggest - their names , what they do now , and why you think they would do agood job as President .
Some names that have come up in the press areHillary Clinton , Colin Powell , Barak Obama , Arnold Schwarzenegger andJeb Bush .
What do you think of these candidates ?
Who would hate tosee run for President in 2008 ?
Suzanne Hi , I 'm Suzanne from Philadelphia .
Sara Hi , this is Sara , from California .
Suzanne Hi .
Sara Hey .
Suzanne So who do you think should run ?
Sara uh -- I do n't know .
I was going to say , that 's quite the topic .
um -- Ihave n't thought about it much .
I know my husband said he thinks -- thatuh -- Colin Powell should -- but I do n't think he will .
Suzanne I I do n't he think will either , because he turned it down in twothousand and four .
Sara Right , and Suzanne Sorry , two thousand and -- two thousand .
Sara Two thousand , yeah , the one before that .
Suzanne Yeah .
Sara Yeah .
uh -- I 'm not very fond of Hillary Clinton , so I -- I do n't thinkI 'd go for her , but -- but uh what do you think ?
Suzanne um -- I am reluctant to see another Bush brother on the ticket for theRepublicans Sara Mhm .
Suzanne but I think that putting Jeb Bush would make h - -- the Republican ticketeasier to defeat .
Sara Mhm .
Suzanne um -- I really do n't think that Hillary Clinton -- would be -- a good choicefor the Democrats .
Sara Yeah .
Suzanne um I do n't think Barak Obama would be a very good choice for theDemocrats .
Sara Uh-huh .
Suzanne Just because he 's -- he 's really young , and he 's going to be startingoff his career .
Sara Uh-huh .
Suzanne um I would almost like to see John Edwards on the ticket again .
Sara Uh-huh .
Yeah .
uh Yeah .
Did they ever do that one ?
That 's n - the-that 's happened before , has n't it , where someone who -- who wasdefeated ran again ?
Suzanne Yeah .
Sara They do n't do it very often , probably just because they figure if helost once , he 'll Suzanne Well I I think he 's a really good candidate , and four more years couldreally help him develop his um -- could help him develop -- hi - hisvoting record especially .
Sara Right .
Suzanne And I think that would help the Democratic ticket a lot .
Sara Right , because that 's something he got -- kind of -- uh -- got brought up alot .
Suzanne Yeah .
Sara Hm .
Well , they -- let 's see .
Suzanne I mean , I 'd like to s - -- I 'd like to see the Greens run David Cobbagain .
Sara Uh-huh .
uh See , hav - I have n't paid much attention to them , I -- Ikind of looked at the -- the other listed candidates -- but I figure -- theyd - -- they d - none of them had enough support to get close , so Suzanne Yeah .
Sara um -- trying to think who else -- Arnold Schwarzenegger I do n't think -- well he 's not qualified anyway , but Suzanne Well , they might change something , you know , between now and then .
Sara I 've heard people say that would take a -- I I do n't think they will .
uh That takes a Constitutional amendment .
That 's pretty hard to -- toget through .
Suzanne Well , I mean , you live in California .
How is he doing -- in your state ?
Sara Oh , I think he 's done all right , um -- I I -- He 's a he 's a moderateRepublican , you know , he 's not Suzanne Right .
Sara he 's not uh -- hard core Republican , so he works pretty well with -- sincethis is this is mostly a Democratic State .
He does pretty well .
Suzanne um -- They 've been talking about getting the Canadian-born governor ofI think Minnesota Sara Mhm .
Suzanne to run as well .
um Sara Hm .
Suzanne It 'd be the first woman running .
Sara Right .
Have they never had a woman run before ?
I know they 've Suzanne Well , Geraldine Ferraro -- well the first woman for a major party .
Geraldine Ferraro ran Sara Uh-huh .
Suzanne as Vice President -- for the Democrats , I believe Sara Uh-huh .
Suzanne um -- in the eighties .
Sara Right .
Suzanne But they 've never had a woman as a major candidate Sara Uh-huh .
Suzanne for President .
Sara Right .
Yeah .
It 's got to happen at some point .
Suzanne Right .
Because Elizabeth Dole did n't make it too well .
Sara Right .
Yeah , she was she was going to be the -- was she going to be theVice President Suzanne I think she was g - actually going for President herself .
Sara candidate ?
She was actually going for President ?
Suzanne I 'd like to see her come back .
um I think she 's fantastic .
Sara Uh-huh .
Yeah , I Suzanne And she 's she 's not too hard-core Republican .
Sara Right .
Yeah .
I do n't know .
This -- This uh -- last election being justover , I had n't really started thinking much about the next one .
Suzanne Right .
Do you think any of the s - any other state governors have areally good chance ?
uh I 'm Sara You know , I I mean obviously , if Schwarzenegger could run , he 's gotthe name recognition , but I would be really surprised -- both to see himrun and to see him win , but then again -- I was a little bit surprisedwhen he won California , so
sgm file name: fsh_29105.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.5 sec].
 prompt 1. Future Elections Who do you think should run for President/VicePresident in 2008, and why?  Give details about the people you suggest- their names, what they do now, and why you think they would do agood job as President.  Some names that have come up in the press areHillary Clinton, Colin Powell, Barak Obama, Arnold Schwarzenegger andJeb Bush.  What do you think of these candidates? Who would hate tosee run for President in 2008? A Ah, but yeah, I don't know who should run, I don't think Hillary canuh can make it, to be honest with you. B Don't you? She would be my s- -- well you know what, actually, I likedDean a lot I must say, in this election. And I think it was just A Yeah.  Yeah. B stupid how much flack he got. Like I just -- I like the idea ofbringing in somebody A Yeah. B with a -- fresh, with a different perspective, who wasn't already justpart of that whole political wheel. A Right.  Yeah. B You know, because I think by the time they get to office, it reallydoesn't really matter who is, you know, A Yeah, they're still under the gun of the same big B who's in there. They're so A corporate giants or whatever. B Well, that's right, that's right. So um A Mhm. B Yeah, so I don't know I w- I was quite excited to have somebody thatwas coming from a really different perspective. But that got shot outof the water. A Mhm hm. B I I like Hillary. I I A Yeah.  Yeah.  I like her, she's my Senator, of course. B Well, of course. That's right. A But I don't I don't think she could make it. B And I think she's a -- I mean she's a strong woman, you know in termsof having A Mhm.  Mhm. B a a woman, potentially, as President, I mean, I think she's thestrongest A Do some reading B candidate we've had in a long time. A Do s- -- Do some reading on the governors,  of New Mexico, or is itArizona, and particularly Kansas, and the governor of North Carolina. B Oh, really? A Do some reading on those three people, those are some people youshould be really looking uh looking at, if y- if uh B You're obviously a qu- -- a pretty politically savvy kind of guy,aren't you? A Well, I was the one, who just happened to go home back in likenineteen eighty or something and saw Bill Clinton B Oh, yeah? A on on television. He -- we ha- -- I came from a small town inTennessee called Paris, and there's two stations we can pick up, one B Okay. A from Jackson, a little town, and the other was from Nashville, a bigtown. So we got most of our ~TV from Jackson,  so I was flippingthrough the channels, and I saw this little guy, uh the governor ofArkansas giving a speech. B Yep. A I said, that guy could be President. B Is that right? A I only heard about -- two minutes of him speaking.  You know, he wasarticulate, he was charming, he was young. And I said, that guy couldbe president. B Yep.  Yep. A And um so then when I heard he was running,  those four years later --uh, eight years later, whatever it was. Because it was a long timelater. B Sure. A I saw him, and I was telling all my friends, oh, vote for vote forthis guy, Bill Clinton, vote for him. They were saying, oh no, no,that old country -- dump. He don't know nothing. I said, he's a Rhodesscholar, he's smart.  He's and he's funny and he's good. Oh no, no,he's too young, and he came from that little, little podunk -- g- uhstate he never did anything. I said, he's going to be President. I wastelling all my friends. I said, you know, and I was before -- theysaid, well, I thought you supported George Bush, and I said, well Idid support George Bush, but he doesn't know what he's doing and heneeds to go.  And uh so I says vote for him, vote for him, vote forhim, you know. And they voted for Jerry Brown and all these crazypeople. B Yeah, that's right.  Oh, is that right? A And I says, you're just wasting your vote, why are you doing that? Heneeds your help.  So I went and volunteered for him and everything,and -- and I met Hillary, and and Tipper and Al, and and I almost got tomeet him. B Oh, is that right?  Really? A Uh-huh. I worked at the Democrats Convention and everything. Uh-huh,yeah. B Very cool, very cool. A And uh it was great, I had a good time, and they B What great experience. A Yeah, and they fed us, and had a party for us, all that kind of stuff,you know. So it was fun. But it worked out. But I think we they bettergo back to a governor from like uh B Well, sure. A uh North Carolina, or like the one from Kansas. She's very tall, shereminds you of uh Christie Whitman, the governor of New Jersey,remember her? B Yep.  Okay? A She's tall, kind of -- mm bush -- butch.  Ac- kind of. She's uh youknow, like she played basketball or something like that. Real smart,quiet-spoked but stern, you know. B Yeah, not not real feminine, yeah.  Eh sure. A And so I -- she she can give that demeanor that people like inleaders,  of being the big B Well, people want to feel secure, right? And who's in that position?They want to feel that they're trustworthy and honorable, and I think,you know A yeah.  Yeah, but B Clinton did so many fantastic things during his term in office, but heshot himself on the foot with all of his personal garbage, you know,and I think that overshadowed how brilliant he was as President. A Yeah.  It does.
prompt 1 .
Future Elections Who do you think should run for President\/VicePresident in 2008 , and why ?
Give details about the people you suggest - their names , what they do now , and why you think they would do agood job as President .
Some names that have come up in the press areHillary Clinton , Colin Powell , Barak Obama , Arnold Schwarzenegger andJeb Bush .
What do you think of these candidates ?
Who would hate tosee run for President in 2008 ?
A Ah , but yeah , I do n't know who should run , I do n't think Hillary canuh can make it , to be honest with you .
B Do n't you ?
She would be my s - -- well you know what , actually , I likedDean a lot I must say , in this election .
And I think it was just A Yeah .
Yeah .
B stupid how much flack he got .
Like I just -- I like the idea ofbringing in somebody A Yeah .
B with a -- fresh , with a different perspective , who was n't already justpart of that whole political wheel .
A Right .
Yeah .
B You know , because I think by the time they get to office , it reallydoes n't really matter who is , you know , A Yeah , they 're still under the gun of the same big B who 's in there .
ΩThey 're so A corporate giants or whatever .
B Well , that 's right , that 's right .
So um A Mhm .
B Yeah , so I do n't know I w - I was quite excited to have somebody thatwas coming from a really different perspective .
But that got shot outof the water .
A Mhm hm .
B I I like Hillary .
I I A Yeah .
Yeah .
I like her , she 's my Senator , of course .
B Well , of course .
That 's right .
A But I do n't I do n't think she could make it .
B And I think she 's a -- I mean she 's a strong woman , you know in termsof having A Mhm .
^Z
[3]+  Stopped                 java -Xmx1024m -Xms1024m -classpath src:lib/stanford-parser-2010-11-30.jar:lib/stanford-postagger-2008-09-28.jar:lib/jdom.jar:../ACE02Navigator/src aceProcessor/ExtractSynInfo /Users/lixxx345/Documents/corpora/ace05/data/English/cts/adj ParsingOfACE
x101-186-99-dhcp:ModelFileFactory lixxx345$ clear
x101-186-99-dhcp:ModelFileFactory lixxx345$ make
#make -B -f corefosu.mk jarfile
make classes
javac -cp src:lib/stanford-parser-2010-11-30.jar:lib/stanford-postagger-2008-09-28.jar:lib/jdom.jar:../ACE02Navigator/src  src/aceProcessor/ExtractSynInfo.java
Note: ../ACE02Navigator/src/readers/SgmReader.java uses unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
make run
echo "we don't have tagged documents"
we don't have tagged documents
java -Xmx1024m -Xms1024m -classpath src:lib/stanford-parser-2010-11-30.jar:lib/stanford-postagger-2008-09-28.jar:lib/jdom.jar:../ACE02Navigator/src  aceProcessor/TaggingAce02 ../ModelFileFactory/bidirectional-wsj-0-18.tagger intermediateModelFiles /bnews
Exception in thread "main" java.lang.InstantiationError: edu.stanford.nlp.util.Index
	at edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.AmbiguityClasses.<init>(AmbiguityClasses.java:53)
	at edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.GlobalHolder.<clinit>(GlobalHolder.java:67)
	at edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.MaxentTagger.init(MaxentTagger.java:235)
	at edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.MaxentTagger.init(MaxentTagger.java:219)
	at edu.stanford.nlp.tagger.maxent.MaxentTagger.<init>(MaxentTagger.java:206)
	at aceProcessor.TaggingAce02.main(TaggingAce02.java:130)
make[1]: *** [run] Error 1
make: *** [runAll] Error 2
x101-186-99-dhcp:ModelFileFactory lixxx345$ clear

x101-186-99-dhcp:ModelFileFactory lixxx345$ java -Xmx1024m -Xms1024m -classpath src:lib/stanford-parser-2010-11-30.jar:lib/stanford-postagger-2008-09-28.jar:lib/jdom.jar:../ACE02Navigator/src aceProcessor/ExtractSynInfo /Users/lixxx345/Documents/corpora/ace05/data/English/cts/adj ParsingOfACE
sgm file name: fsh_29097.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [9.5 sec].
     prompt  1. Future Elections Who do you think should run for President/Vice President in 2008, and why?  Give details about the people you suggest - their names, what they do now, and why you think they would do a good job as President.  Some names that have come up in the press are Hillary Clinton, Colin Powell, Barak Obama, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jeb Bush.  What do you think of these candidates? Who would hate to see run for President in 2008?    Suzanne  Hi, I'm Suzanne from Philadelphia.    Sara  Hi, this is Sara, from California.    Suzanne  Hi.    Sara  Hey.    Suzanne  So who do you think should run?    Sara  uh -- I don't know. I was going to say, that's quite the topic.  um -- I haven't thought about it much.  I know my husband said he thinks -- that uh -- Colin Powell should -- but I don't think he will.    Suzanne  I I don't he think will either, because he turned it down in two thousand and four.    Sara  Right, and    Suzanne  Sorry, two thousand and -- two thousand.    Sara  Two thousand, yeah, the one before that.    Suzanne  Yeah.    Sara  Yeah.  uh -- I'm not very fond of Hillary Clinton, so I -- I don't think I'd go for her, but -- but uh what do you think?    Suzanne  um -- I am reluctant to see another Bush brother on the ticket for the Republicans    Sara  Mhm.    Suzanne  but I think that putting Jeb Bush would make h- -- the Republican ticket easier to defeat.    Sara  Mhm.    Suzanne  um -- I really don't think that Hillary Clinton -- would be -- a good choice for the Democrats.    Sara  Yeah.    Suzanne  um I don't think Barak Obama would be a very good choice for the Democrats.    Sara  Uh-huh.    Suzanne  Just because he's -- he's really young, and he's going to be starting off his career.    Sara  Uh-huh.    Suzanne  um I would almost like to see John Edwards on the ticket again.    Sara  Uh-huh. Yeah.  uh Yeah. Did they ever do that one? That's n- the- that's happened before, hasn't it, where someone who -- who was defeated ran again?    Suzanne  Yeah.    Sara  They don't do it very often, probably just because they figure if he lost once, he'll    Suzanne  Well I I think he's a really good candidate, and four more years could really help him develop his um -- could help him develop -- hi- his voting record especially.    Sara  Right.    Suzanne  And I think that would help the Democratic ticket a lot.    Sara  Right, because that's something he got -- kind of -- uh -- got brought up a lot.    Suzanne  Yeah.    Sara  Hm. Well, they -- let's see.    Suzanne  I mean, I'd like to s- -- I'd like to see the Greens run David Cobb again.    Sara  Uh-huh.  uh See, hav- I haven't paid much attention to them, I -- I kind of looked at the -- the other listed candidates -- but I figure -- they d- -- they d- none of them had enough support to get close, so    Suzanne  Yeah.    Sara  um -- trying to think who else -- Arnold Schwarzenegger I don't think -- well he's not qualified anyway, but    Suzanne  Well, they might change something, you know, between now and then.    Sara  I've heard people say that would take a -- I I don't think they will. uh That takes a Constitutional amendment. That's pretty hard to -- to get through.    Suzanne  Well, I mean, you live in California. How is he doing -- in your state?    Sara  Oh, I think he's done all right, um -- I I -- He's a he's a moderate Republican, you know, he's not    Suzanne  Right.    Sara  he's not uh -- hard core Republican, so he works pretty well with -- since this is this is mostly a Democratic State.  He does pretty well.    Suzanne  um -- They've been talking about getting the Canadian-born governor of I think Minnesota    Sara  Mhm.    Suzanne  to run as well. um    Sara  Hm.    Suzanne  It'd be the first woman running.    Sara  Right.  Have they never had a woman run before? I know they've    Suzanne  Well, Geraldine Ferraro -- well the first woman for a major party. Geraldine Ferraro ran    Sara  Uh-huh.    Suzanne  as Vice President -- for the Democrats, I believe    Sara  Uh-huh.    Suzanne  um -- in the eighties.    Sara  Right.    Suzanne  But they've never had a woman as a major candidate    Sara  Uh-huh.    Suzanne  for President.    Sara  Right.  Yeah. It's got to happen at some point.    Suzanne  Right. Because Elizabeth Dole didn't make it too well.    Sara  Right.  Yeah, she was she was going to be the -- was she going to be the Vice President    Suzanne  I think she was g- actually going for President herself.    Sara  candidate?  She was actually going for President?    Suzanne  I'd like to see her come back. um I think she's fantastic.    Sara  Uh-huh.  Yeah, I    Suzanne  And she's she's not too hard-core Republican.    Sara  Right.  Yeah. I don't know. This -- This uh -- last election being just over, I hadn't really started thinking much about the next one.    Suzanne  Right.  Do you think any of the s- any other state governors have a really good chance?  uh I'm    Sara  You know, I I mean obviously, if Schwarzenegger could run, he's got the name recognition, but I would be really surprised -- both to see him run and to see him win, but then again -- I was a little bit surprised when he won California, so    .
sgm file name: fsh_29105.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [5.4 sec].
     prompt  1. Future Elections Who do you think should run for President/Vice President in 2008, and why?  Give details about the people you suggest - their names, what they do now, and why you think they would do a good job as President.  Some names that have come up in the press are Hillary Clinton, Colin Powell, Barak Obama, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jeb Bush.  What do you think of these candidates? Who would hate to see run for President in 2008?    A  Ah, but yeah, I don't know who should run, I don't think Hillary can uh can make it, to be honest with you.    B  Don't you? She would be my s- -- well you know what, actually, I liked Dean a lot I must say, in this election. And I think it was just    A  Yeah.  Yeah.    B  stupid how much flack he got. Like I just -- I like the idea of bringing in somebody    A  Yeah.    B  with a -- fresh, with a different perspective, who wasn't already just part of that whole political wheel.    A  Right.  Yeah.    B  You know, because I think by the time they get to office, it really doesn't really matter who is, you know,    A  Yeah, they're still under the gun of the same big    B  who's in there. They're so    A  corporate giants or whatever.    B  Well, that's right, that's right. So um    A  Mhm.    B  Yeah, so I don't know I w- I was quite excited to have somebody that was coming from a really different perspective. But that got shot out of the water.    A  Mhm hm.    B  I I like Hillary. I I    A  Yeah.  Yeah.  I like her, she's my Senator, of course.    B  Well, of course. That's right.    A  But I don't I don't think she could make it.    B  And I think she's a -- I mean she's a strong woman, you know in terms of having    A  Mhm.  Mhm.    B  a a woman, potentially, as President, I mean, I think she's the strongest    A  Do some reading    B  candidate we've had in a long time.    A  Do s- -- Do some reading on the governors,  of New Mexico, or is it Arizona, and particularly Kansas, and the governor of North Carolina.    B  Oh, really?    A  Do some reading on those three people, those are some people you should be really looking uh looking at, if y- if uh    B  You're obviously a qu- -- a pretty politically savvy kind of guy, aren't you?    A  Well, I was the one, who just happened to go home back in like nineteen eighty or something and saw Bill Clinton    B  Oh, yeah?    A  on on television. He -- we ha- -- I came from a small town in Tennessee called Paris, and there's two stations we can pick up, one    B  Okay.    A  from Jackson, a little town, and the other was from Nashville, a big town. So we got most of our ~TV from Jackson,  so I was flipping through the channels, and I saw this little guy, uh the governor of Arkansas giving a speech.    B  Yep.    A  I said, that guy could be President.    B  Is that right?    A  I only heard about -- two minutes of him speaking.  You know, he was articulate, he was charming, he was young. And I said, that guy could be president.    B  Yep.  Yep.    A  And um so then when I heard he was running,  those four years later -- uh, eight years later, whatever it was. Because it was a long time later.    B  Sure.    A  I saw him, and I was telling all my friends, oh, vote for vote for this guy, Bill Clinton, vote for him. They were saying, oh no, no, that old country -- dump. He don't know nothing. I said, he's a Rhodes scholar, he's smart.  He's and he's funny and he's good. Oh no, no, he's too young, and he came from that little, little podunk -- g- uh state he never did anything. I said, he's going to be President. I was telling all my friends. I said, you know, and I was before -- they said, well, I thought you supported George Bush, and I said, well I did support George Bush, but he doesn't know what he's doing and he needs to go.  And uh so I says vote for him, vote for him, vote for him, you know. And they voted for Jerry Brown and all these crazy people.    B  Yeah, that's right.  Oh, is that right?    A  And I says, you're just wasting your vote, why are you doing that? He needs your help.  So I went and volunteered for him and everything, and -- and I met Hillary, and and Tipper and Al, and and I almost got to meet him.    B  Oh, is that right?  Really?    A  Uh-huh. I worked at the Democrats Convention and everything. Uh-huh, yeah.    B  Very cool, very cool.    A  And uh it was great, I had a good time, and they    B  What great experience.    A  Yeah, and they fed us, and had a party for us, all that kind of stuff, you know. So it was fun. But it worked out. But I think we they better go back to a governor from like uh    B  Well, sure.    A  uh North Carolina, or like the one from Kansas. She's very tall, she reminds you of uh Christie Whitman, the governor of New Jersey, remember her?    B  Yep.  Okay?    A  She's tall, kind of -- mm bush -- butch.  Ac- kind of. She's uh you know, like she played basketball or something like that. Real smart, quiet-spoked but stern, you know.    B  Yeah, not not real feminine, yeah.  Eh sure.    A  And so I -- she she can give that demeanor that people like in leaders,  of being the big    B  Well, people want to feel secure, right? And who's in that position? They want to feel that they're trustworthy and honorable, and I think, you know    A  yeah.  Yeah, but    B  Clinton did so many fantastic things during his term in office, but he shot himself on the foot with all of his personal garbage, you know, and I think that overshadowed how brilliant he was as President.    A  Yeah.  It does.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29121.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.6 sec].
     prompt  2. Workplace Culture Describe the organizational structure of your current or former workplace. How many people work there, and what is the hierarchy?  Who works for whom?  What kind of job do you have? Describe some of the people that you work with and the jobs they do. Do you think your company is well-run?  If not, what could make it better?    Jim  Hello.    Mark  Hello, hello.    Jim  Hey, I'm I'm Jim. Hi.    Mark  Hi Jim, I'm Mark.    Jim  Hey Mark.    Mark  How're you doing?    Jim  Okay.  I guess it's uh -- about what your workplace, something.    Mark  Yeah.    Jim  I didn't quite hear all of it.    Mark  Yeah.  Well, I guess, uh workplace culture is the    Jim  Yeah.    Mark  what your position is with the company, what kind of people are in the jobs you have with the people that work there, and I guess -- I guess the environment too, I'm not sure    Jim  Yeah. Uh    Mark  the point of the question.    Jim  Yeah, it was kind of -- off -- bag a little bit to me, I don't know.    Mark  Yeah.  Yeah.    Jim  didn't quite understand all of it. Um well I work I work I'm i- in work in sales. Uh -- work for a company,  called Pacesetters Corporation.  Um -- it's a sales company, you know. They do home improvements, like Sears    Mark  Okay.    Jim  Actually, they're the largest -- home improvement -- company in the United States.    Mark  Aha.    Jim  Oh, I'm from West Virginia. I don't know where where're you from?    Mark  I'm from Connecticut.    Jim  Connecticut.  Nice and cold up there right now, huh? But    Mark  It's not too bad. We're used to it.    Jim  at least it's not twenty below.    Mark  Not yet.    Jim  But um that's basically what I do, and -- I don't know. Um    Mark  So do you have like an office that you're in a lot, or    Jim  Hm? Well yeah, I have an office. Uh not me personally, but we uh we all meet there and we we have our little sales meetings every morning.    Mark  right.  Uh-huh.    Jim  And that's pretty much it. I mean, we go over whatever -- whatever has to be -- talked about that day, and then they're all we just kind of -- go out and do our appointments in the afternoon,  or in the evenings. You know, we have to meet with uh -- people that come to ~K Mart or Sam's Club.  They -- have a interest in home improvements, and they fill out stuff.    Mark  Ah.    Jim  That's how they get their leads. It's not any cold-calling.    Mark  Mhm.    Jim  We just pretty much go that way.  And -- you know, we have. It said does how many people work there. In our local office we probably have about ten.  With our sales manager.  Branch manager.    Mark  Yeah.    Jim  It's about ten in the -- office. That's in Fairmont, West Virginia, it's like -- oh, between Charleston and Pittsburgh.    Mark  Oh, okay.    Jim  Okay, so the ice will be annoying soon.    Mark  I see.    Jim  (()) -- Yeah, I'm from Morgantown.    Mark  Ah.    Jim  If you're familiar with that area.    Mark  Vaguely, yeah.    Jim  It would be kind of south of you.  Actually south -- south    Mark  So, it's West from where I am, but y-    Jim  south southwest of you. So yeah.    Mark  Right.  But I have been to Pittsburgh, so.    Jim  Mhm. So yeah. So you were in Pittsburgh, and you went a hundred miles to the south, or eighty miles south, you'd be in Fairmont.    Mark  Okay.  Yeah, I did go through -- West Virginia, one time through -- from Pittsburgh. I had relatives that lived outside of Pittsburgh, once, and I went to Florida from there, so I did go through West Virginia.    Jim  Mhm.  Mm.    Mark  Unfortunately, I didn't get to see too much of it. I    Jim  It's all country, and all out in the middle of nowhere.    Mark  I noticed that too, yeah.    Jim  Mhm. ((It's no))    Mark  Beautiful country though.    Jim  Yeah, it's pretty and stuff. If you're in the like a big city or even in -- oh well, I don't know where you live in Connecticut but -- I mean, are you like near New Haven or    Mark  Uh, no, I'm a    Jim  or out more in the country?    Mark  between Waterbury and Hartford.    Jim  Hartford, yeah.  Such a big er city.  Hartford's pretty big, right?    Mark  Yeah, it's a good size.    Jim  But I mean, I think our largest city in West Virginia's like -- less than a hundred thousand people. That's Charleston, the capital.    Mark  Is that right?    Jim  Yeah.    Mark  Bigger than Wheeling, huh?    Jim  We only have, we only have one point eight million people in our whole state.    Mark  Oh, okay.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29138.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [3.6 sec].
     prompt  2. Workplace Culture Describe the organizational structure of your current or former workplace. How many people work there, and what is the hierarchy?  Who works for whom?  What kind of job do you have? Describe some of the people that you work with and the jobs they do. Do you think your company is well-run?  If not, what could make it better?    Suzanne  Hi, I'm Suzanne, in Dallas.    Karim  Hi, my name is Karim.    Suzanne  Well, hello. You want to tell me about yourself first, or you you want me to talk first?    Karim  I'm from New -- I'm from -- It's all right, either or.    Suzanne  Okay, well um -- I then I guess I can start with me.  Um, I work for a software company.    Karim  Okay.    Suzanne  Um in Addison, Texas.  And it's uh based on um stock recognition.  So it's stock recognition. Software has red and green light, tells you which -- out of the thirty-five thousand stocks out there, which ones to get in and out of. It's just the tool you use, and I'm in the Accounting Department.  We have a thirt-    Karim  You're in the what what what department?    Suzanne  Uh, Accounting.  I do the numbers.    Karim  Oh, okay.    Suzanne  Yeah, I do. Uh I I actually don't do payroll, I do um accounts payable and receivable.    Karim  Okay.    Suzanne  And when I started there, in two thousand and two,  there were only twenty-three employees, and to date, we have about a hundred and forty.    Karim  Mhm.    Suzanne  We had, oh I know, we have boomed. It's just really incredible, um and    Karim  Oh, good.    Suzanne  what else? Yeah, I love the way it's ran. Um I worked -- we just recently um got bought by our our strategic partner -- so, whoa, my radio. I'm sorry. Yes, we got uh purchased by our strategic partner, so um    Karim  Y'all recently got bought?  Oh.    Suzanne  Yeah. It was just a one man um owner -- before, and so now, a cor -- a corporation owns us, but I love it, I mean that's    Karim  Oh.  Ho- -- Ho- Hold on    Suzanne  that's all I can s- huh?    Karim  Hold on one second. Hold -- Hold on one second. Hold on one second.    Suzanne  Oh, absolutely, go ahead.    Karim  What you say?  Why're you, why're you at um -- um -- I'm going to come over here tonight. I'm spending the night over here.  All right?  See you later.  It's so fucking stank yo.  Hello? I'm sorry.    Suzanne  Uh n- no, you're fine, you're fine. Where are you um located?    Karim  I am so sorry.  I'm in New York.    Suzanne  Oh, are you really? That is so wild. I've talked to so many people in New York. I have family up there. What do you do for a living?    Karim  Um I'm a youth counselor.    Suzanne  A youth counselor. What's that?    Karim  Yeah. I go um. In in New York we have a lot of community centers    Suzanne  Uh-huh.    Karim  for the kids. For the inner city kids.    Suzanne  Yeah.    Karim  And um -- and that's what I do I I work for the city.  And uh    Suzanne  Oh, wow.    Karim  I started there in like -- uh I'd say about -- what was that, I think it was -- two thousand two.  Summer of two thousand two, yeah.    Suzanne  Yeah.    Karim  I started there, and we only had -- it was only like maybe thirty kids that that came to the -- to the uh community center.  But now we got seventy-eight.    Suzanne  Oh, wow.    Karim  So.  It's a little more you know, hassle to deal with, but you know, I love kids, you know that's why I I -- I stayed with job, you know? Because I -- now I'm so attached    Suzanne  Absolutely.    Karim  with the kids now.    Suzanne  Well do you uh    Karim  Yeah we got about -- we got about -- I'd say -- girl, when I started, it was like four counselors. Now it's about eight of us, eight or nine.    Suzanne  Aw.    Karim  Yeah.    Suzanne  That's sweet though. That's sweet that you    Karim  Yeah.    Suzanne  that you've got a heart and you care that much about children because I mean there's a lot of them, I'm sure, that need -- that need the assistance, or the counseling. Um    Karim  Yeah.  Yeah I I if it and eh -- I know I love the kids because the pay is not all of that good, so -- you know, but I manage.    Suzanne  I was. Yeah.    Karim  No.  Well.  Yeah.  Exactly.  Yeah, that's why that's the only thing that I I want to do, because there's so many kids now that -- you know with foster kids, their parents are on drugs    Suzanne  Oh, gosh.    Karim  you know, or their living with their their aunt or their grandmother, you know -- It's a lot of kids like    Suzanne  And you just guide them?  Why and what do you do exactly, just guide them through that or    Karim  Yeah. Exactly we we got uh we got a lot of programs we got like basketball programs for the kids to play basketball,  volleyball,  um we take them out on a lot of trips, lot of field trips.  We take them out on a lot of field trips and things like that.  Every Wednesday, we go down to the uh River Bank Park.  And you know, they got swimming, indoor swimming, and everything.    Suzanne  Aw. That's so sweet of you though. That's that's really neat.    Karim  You know,  Yeah.  We we we're um trying to run a uh we're selling these uh -- Excuse me. We're selling these cookies.  So we could raise raise money, so we could take them to Great Adventure.    Suzanne  Yeah, yeah, do y'all have a website or anything?    Karim  No, we don't. I wish.    Suzanne  Yeah cause    Karim  But in fact, you know, we do it on the streets, you know, right in front of the the in front of the community center. We just stand out there and sell cookies.  Or we'll do a car wash thing, you know, have it -- rewarded. The fire hydrant and stuff. Or we wash people cars for a dollar or two.    Suzanne  Aw. That's cool.    Karim  You know.  Just to raise some money.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29139.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [3.1 sec].
     prompt  2. Workplace Culture Describe the organizational structure of your current or former workplace. How many people work there, and what is the hierarchy?  Who works for whom?  What kind of job do you have? Describe some of the people that you work with and the jobs they do. Do you think your company is well-run?  If not, what could make it better?    B  And then we're not supposed to answer it. Well, um all I can say about big corporations -- is there's too many -- chiefs.    A  Yeah.    B  Always too many chiefs. And with the constant merging with other banks,    A  Yeah.    B  ugh err.    A  Or well, and then you think of things like Enron.    B  Oh yeah.    A  I mean,  you got -- corrupted chiefs too.    B  Yeah, they're everywhere. The uh ~CEO we had before we merged with Nations Bank -- he uh -- he about ran as into the ground with some hedge funds that he had gone into.    A  Uh-huh.    B  And then, and then when we finish merging, they give the guy something like a twenty-five million dollar package, and if he dies, his family still gets all the money.    A  No way.    B  Yeah.  No.  They wouldn't do anything like that for me.  I've been there for a long time, I used to be a manager there. There's no way I'd get that kind of a -- oh.  So, yeah, once you get way up there, unless you're prosecuted,  you you just -- are constantly rolling in the dough.    A  Yeah.    B  And that was a long time ago, and we just c- oh, all that money,  for just about bankrupting us.  That is crazy.  I think that was in ninety seven or eight    A  Yeah.    B  I think we merged in ninety-eight.  So, yeah, Bank of America's everywhere.  And um -- Mm -- Gosh I can't think of anything else to say about them.  I don't know.  They're all right. They have good benefits.    A  Yeah.    B  Not good pay.    A  Yeah.  Yeah I I'm not really familiar with the working world that much.  So, I mean, with my part-time job, it's a lot it's really good for a student, because I only work uh two hours a night.    B  Oh that's good.    A  So, yeah, and then it's pretty flexible.  Like uh -- uh I'm pretty busy with other, you know -- student organizations, and hanging out with friends and stuff, so I don't have to work on the weekends, and then I can take off sometimes. So.    B  Yeah.  That's good.    A  So a pretty good deal, and the cool thing about is like -- everybody at work is really friendly,    B  Yeah, that's good.    A  and uh I think really that what brings that on is our boss. Like he's just a really nice guy, and -- he's pretty laid back.  So.    B  That comes in handy.    A  Yeah.    B  Got to have a good boss.    A  Yeah.    B  I don't know if there's any pudding in the refrigerator honey. You got to go -- I I think you ate it all, but go look around -- I know there's still some more um Trix yogurt.  And I'll buy pudding on Friday.  He's all upset with me cause there's no pudding.  Yeah, I've had many many different kinds of managers, and when they're laid back don't micro- manage -- you know, you definitely,  work harder for them, and do a better job and    A  Yeah. Did you ever see the uh movie Office Space?    B  yes, I did.    A  Yeah.    B  Yes I did. It took me a second, but I sure did.    A  Yeah.  I always think about that like -- or a lot of I think college students think about that like with some office jobs, you know?    B  Yeah.  It's uh    A  So.  It's kind of like, that's the job that they're t- everyone's trying to stay away from.    B  Yeah.  I don't think they're quite -- They they've gotten better. I know the bigger companies have tried to -- stay away from that, cause uh -- The the that does wear you out. I remember Bank of America was -- kind of like that in the department I used to work in, years and years ago.    A  Uh-huh.    B  Oh my God.  Boring looking walls, boring people, boring job.    A  Yeah.    B  It it drained the life out of you whenever we had to go to work. It just -- sucked.    A  Yeah.    B  But they tried to make it more entertaining. I think more companies are going for the uh -- you know, employee satisfaction.  Finally.    A  Uh-huh.    B  Th- that was the Bank's big deal last year, was uh ninety percent associate satisfaction.  And they were all happy when they finally got there.  But we didn't get anything for it.  They didn't like give everybody bonuses or anything.  Sheesh.  They because they got some better insurance policies and some better -- bonuses that they paid out at the end of the month and -- you know, it was a little better.    A  Yeah, well, you got to make your employees happy, otherwise you're not going to come out with the next product.  You know?    B  That's right. They're not going to work so hard for ya. They're going to call out sick    A  Yep.    B  they're going to do -- you know, half-assed job.  That's exactly the way it is.    A  It's just basic management.    B  Mhm. Exactly.  Mikey hold on, I'll be off the phone in a minute.    A  ((Sure))    B  Sheesh.    A  Yeah.  I also, I worked for uh, like kind of like a Subway, uh Atlanta Bread Company.    B  Yeah.    A  So, and man, oh this is for a summer job, and my boss was like -- well he was also the owner    .
sgm file name: fsh_29141.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [3.0 sec].
     prompt  2. Workplace Culture Describe the organizational structure of your current or former workplace. How many people work there, and what is the hierarchy?  Who works for whom?  What kind of job do you have? Describe some of the people that you work with and the jobs they do. Do you think your company is well-run?  If not, what could make it better?    Bill  Hello.    Alexander  Hi, this is Alexander from Minnesota.    Bill  Yeah, I'm Bill from, uh, Tampa, Florida.    Alexander  Hey, g- interesting topic.    Bill  Yeah.    Alexander  Eh, what kind of job do you do, sir? What does the work at your place?    Bill  Well, actually, I'm self employed.  And I, uh, what I do is I -- whole sale -- cars.  So, I I really don't have any workers, I just -- work by myself.  Uh, I guess -- I just have one that helps me once in a while to pick up cars and -- deliver them.  But, uh,  that's uh -- interesting that they called me on that.    Alexander  So you guys -- but what kind of culture do you have if you work two people work, that should be some sort of every place has    Bill  But    Alexander  the atmosphere of, you know, how things are done, who's in command and how, you know, decisions are made, and    Bill  Right.  And they also did say that, uh, previous work places, too, so    Alexander  Yeah. Okay, wh- uh I I    Bill  I can talk about that.  Where wh-    Alexander  Go a- go ahead, you can talk about your previous work place.    Bill  Yeah, wh- -- Yeah, I was going to ask you where you work, too.    Alexander  I work with a pharmaceutical company. I we -- have a little over three hundred and some ((million)) employees.    Bill  Oh wow.  And what do you do there?    Alexander  You know.  I work as a patient care advocate. And I -- I work as an onli- I do online, you know, online, uh, pharmaceutical company -- where I have -- filled and -- refilled take orders sent back to us online.    Bill  Oh, okay. That's interesting.    Alexander  And, you know,  and I have a company, as well, set up. I think we have the account manager, and we have -- the vice president. We have super- team lead- team leads, uh I and then have operations specialist. We have, you know, I -- team managers, training managers. It's a very big company. Yeah, and I think that the atmosphere is very good, I    Bill  Right.    Alexander  Yeah.    Bill  Well, I think that's important to to have a good atmosphere and also, uh,  uh, i- know who who really is in charge,  uh, you know, and and know who you have to answer to.  Because sometimes, y- I I I did I years ago I had a company that was, uh,  it was,  uh, I was a subs- s- captive sub-contractor for making packaging material.  And, um,  there were a lot of salesmen in the company,  they had a tendency to,  you know, there was there was, uh, a chain of command, you might say. You know, there was, uh, the person that was the, uh,  head of the organization.  But, all the salesmen -- used to come around and give orders, too, you know.  So it made it kind of difficult for the m- for my employees, because they would the salesmen would be coming out, uh,  uh, without consulting with the one that was in charge.  They would just be coming out and giving orders when they should already went through him.  So it made it difficult.  So I I I think it's really important to h- have that really clear.  That that there's some organized way to deal with, uh,  problems and orders and things like that, and if there is a problem, then -- you go to the person who's in charge and -- then they can handle it.  So, that was -- that that's just a you know, a -- previous, uh,  type of work that I had.  And I and tha- I think that's what they wanted us to talk about, too, right?    Alexander  Yeah. Yeah, that's that's that's I think it's just basically, is (()) one of the things I perceive is if- what kind of, you know, environment is it, and is it inviting is it, you know, all that they I guess that's what they're aiming at.  You know, it's not a place where everybody trying to give instruction and everybody trying to do, you know.  Uh, but I for my job is i- i- -- we have us a very diverse feel. We have a lot of people who are from different country, and,  you know, and -- I think they are pretty much accepting, and I,  you know, I- bas- basically you- you can promote yourself if you do a good job, I mean,  they don't pick and choose, you know.    Bill  Right.    Alexander  It's a very -- environment that allows you to grow in.  And I think they thinks I rightfully don't, if -- like if I have a problem, like,  I'll freshly go to my team lead or the supervisor and she takes it to her boss, and,  you know, the boss takes it to the next level and,  you know, something like that.    Bill  Right.  Yeah, but that -- I feel like that that's very important. Uh, for a company to be well-run, it has to have, uh,  a c- it's t- has to be able to send a clear message -- as to how to handle problems and who who is the one that's uh,  uh, indicated for -- for those problems -- to handle.  And and people -- those in the company need to be um instructed -- to know wh- where their relative place is in the company. So that they they don't overstep their bounds.    Alexander  Yeah.    Bill  Because when that happens, and it that makes, uh, that creates problems for the employees. It makes them discontent.  I mean, if they if they can be, eh, um,  you know, jumped on arbitrarily by just about anybody,  then pretty soon, you know, they're they're they're not going to be content at all, they're just going to wonder, well when when's the next hit going to come, you know.  When's somebody else going to jump on me?    .
sgm file name: fsh_29171.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.4 sec].
     prompt  2. Workplace Culture Describe the organizational structure of your current or former workplace. How many people work there, and what is the hierarchy?  Who works for whom?  What kind of job do you have? Describe some of the people that you work with and the jobs they do. Do you think your company is well-run?  If not, what could make it better?    Roger  Uh, Roger.    Diane  Hello, I'm Diane    Roger  Okay.    Diane  I'm from Lufkin, Texas. Where are you from?    Roger  Uh, Atlanta, Georgia.    Diane  Georgia? Okay.    Roger  Mhm.    Diane  Oh, tell me about your workplace.    Roger  I was going to say, you go first.    Diane  Okay, it doesn't matter. You can or I can.    Roger  You can go first.    Diane  Okay. I own a restaurant.  And uh    Roger  Oh those are good.    Diane  Yeah. Seventeen people employed there.  Um -- predominantly Hispanics work in the kitchen area.  They're uh -- well, actually, you know they're some of my cake decorators in the bakery area too. They're it's it's predominantly a Hispanic run organization. I'm not Hispanic, but they uh I've hired uh    Roger  Yeah.    Diane  a couple that worked out quite well, and then I've let them -- recommend family members and friends, and that seems to have been a really -- good setup, because they're -- recommending people that they know work well, and -- you know, it's it's uh and they're happy with who they're working with. And I've sort of left some of that up to them. I've got a a manager that -- you know, she's -- I defer to her on who thinks whether she thinks I should hire somebody or not. And I've had really good luck, because the restaurant business typically um    Roger  Yeah.    Diane  does not keep people very long. It's a short term employment, and I've got people that's been with me for eight, nine, ten years now.  You know, long term employees, so    Roger  Yeah.    Diane  it's -- it's been a good setup.  Um -- you know, I've got the older ones typically are the ones that run the different departments, you know the the -- deli area or the bakery area or the up front area, and -- the new ones kind of defer to them, and -- it sort of runs itself. I feel really lucky. I've got a I've got a really good crew.    Roger  Yeah.    Diane  I think I've got a working situation.    Roger  Oh, okay.    Diane  S- -- Hey, tell me about yours.    Roger  So you got -- you at the top, but you got a manager, huh?    Diane  Uh uh yeah. I've got a girl that I've hired uh well, I hired her, let's see, about nine years ago -- It's a Hispanic girl but she speaks fluent English and Spanish, so she can work with both -- you know either language problem.    Roger  That's what you need.    Diane  And she's uh -- hard worker, always there, um -- everybody -- She works with everybody rather than just telling them what to do, and they respect her and work for her quite well, so -- I'm not working nearly as hard as I was a few years back. Tell me about yours now.    Roger  Okay, I um,  work at a moving company, Classic Design Services,    Diane  Okay.    Roger  and -- I am a driver -- and a loader and -- a lot of other stuff.  um I work for -- this guy named uh Joe, he was a regional -- bank manager for Wachovia for a few years.  and bought our company out from our previous owner.  um    Diane  Do y'all do cross country?    Roger  I'm kind of like -- Huh?    Diane  Do y'all do cross country moves, or just local?    Roger  Yeah, we do, um -- we have a uh -- a office in Phoenix, Arizona, and we do uh basically do continental ~USA    Diane  Okay.    Roger  um moves and -- pickups and deliveries -- from all over.    Diane  Okay.  Okay.    Roger  And I work mostly in the local department and sometimes -- I um in -- you know, sometimes I get on the road and -- travel, but -- not not t- not too often.    Diane  How many employees there?    Roger  So.  There's about, there's over a hundred and twenty now.    Diane  Ooh, big big company then.    Roger  (()) -- I used to know everybody.  And uh now it's -- now I don't know everybody, so. It started off, when I first got there four years ago. Well, five years ago. There was like,  about -- thirty forty some people.    Diane  Mm. Growing fast.    Roger  So it kind of doubled, but uh -- um business has been coming in, uh -- you know, we stop having slow seasons, and now it seems like it's always busy.    Diane  Yeah.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29187.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.4 sec].
     prompt  3. Bush Cabinet President Bush has just been elected to another term in office, and he has already started to appoint new people to his political cabinet as current members like Colin Powell and John Ashcroft resign.  Who would you like to see appointed to his cabinet next term?  Who are they, and why do you think they should be appointed? If you were president, which national figures would you appoint to your cabinet and why?  What new cabinet positions would you create and who would fill them?    A  I I'm sorry to see Colin Powell leave, leaving. I think he's probably one of the most -- diplomatic -- um, men that I've seen in politics.    B  So do I.    A  He he's very honest, he's very strong in his beliefs, and I'm sorry to see him go.  I'm also sorry to see Tom Ridge resigning.  Um    B  I am too, and you know what, I don't where, do you know anything about his background? I don't know where he came from.    A  he's the Governor of, he was the Governor of Pennsylvania.    B  Oh, that's right. Okay.    A  And um after uh    B  Now I remember.    A  he before nine eleven, he was -- he was on an advisory committal -- committee -- to the Gover- to the President I guess,  besides him running uh Pennsylvania, and then after nine eleven they appointed him you know, head of Homeland Security, and then created the    B  Uh-huh.    A  uh Secretary's position for him,  or for someone, but him being the person at that time. I just think that    B  Yeah.  Yeah.    A  it's so soon -- since nine eleven, and he has been creating his own job, i- in essence, because it's such a new position.  But, I think it's -- it would've been -- better to have one person -- like continuing that.  However,    B  I do too. I I do too. I hate to I hate to change -- change horses there so quickly.    A  yeah.    B  Uh I I I'd that -- that -- job uh uh needs continuity -- for a while. Anyhow.  You know, I m- I mean, at least until they get    A  Yeah.    B  settled on what the job really is.    A  Yeah, well uh maybe maybe on one hand -- somebody new will bring a new perspective to it, which would -- be helpful, but I still think that    B  Uh yeah    A  the people that are up for it -- there's some p-    B  Yeah, but if it's if the perspective is too new, you know, that's not going to be a good thing, because uh wholesale changes is not what they need to do.    A  yeah.  Yeah.    B  Uh uh no matter who takes it over. They need to they need to -- think long and hard before they start making changes.  Because if they make one wrong one, you know, it    A  But there are there are a couple women up for -- the position as well as um you know, a few men that are up for the position.  And I don't know anything about the women that are up for the position. Um -- one -- two of the men are from New York, one is a Head of -- the the -- who was there at nine eleven. He was the Chief of Police.  Or the Commissioner -- of of police I guess.  Uh who was with Giuliani throughout the whole thing.    B  Uh-huh.    A  Um they're also thinking about Giuliani, so -- I mean, I think they have some qualified candidates.    B  Yeah.    A  However,  I think -- with it's Homeland Security, which means it can't just be New York, which is where of course, their focus is going to be.    B  Sure.    A  Having -- you know, been there, and through that.  So, as long as they don't have blinders on,  you know,  I would be okay with that, but they've got to look, obviously -- at ports -- nuclear power plants, you know, and oth- other areas where we are vulnerable.    B  Yeah.  Yeah, and you know what's really scary to me? I I don't I've never seen it mentioned, I've never -- but -- but if they really wanted to to I don't know uh uh uh if they if they really wanted to put -- fear in the American people,  uh -- I know it would work with me,  is if they say just uh if if -- I say they, Bin Laden, or who whoever -- uh -- uh is running that team now, uh were to -- were to just pick a small -- Mid- American town,    A  Mhm.    B  uh and just wipe it out,    A  Yeah, no, and I I thi- I think that's a great fear.    B  you know, and there are a lot of ways -- there are a lot of ways to do that. I mean, I mean, it wouldn't take a nuclear weapon.    A  No, no.    B  uh uh and it it could be done so easily because i- i- most small towns are protected by a small town police force.    A  Mhm.    B  You know? And that's it.    A  Well, I think that -- there's -- really -- been a strengthening, and I hope they can -- get it together without this.  Part of the problem with that is the ~CIA and the ~FBI and who's going to be in charge because they want to create this new position.    B  ((I)) No, they've always    A  And, so nobody wants to -- give up -- power    B  Yeah.    A  and, you know, you -- in this case, and and going forward, we have to put the good of -- the country -- and the good of the world.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29191.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.6 sec].
     prompt  3. Bush Cabinet President Bush has just been elected to another term in office, and he has already started to appoint new people to his political cabinet as current members like Colin Powell and John Ashcroft resign.  Who would you like to see appointed to his cabinet next term?  Who are they, and why do you think they should be appointed? If you were president, which national figures would you appoint to your cabinet and why?  What new cabinet positions would you create and who would fill them?    Ron  Hello.    Sherri  Hello.    Ron  Nah -- My name's Ron. I'm in Kentucky.    Sherri  Oh hi Ron. I'm uh Sherri and I live in Indiana.    Ron  Oh, we're quite close.    Sherri  Yeah, not too g- -- we're neighbors.    Ron  Yeah, I know. That's sort of unusual in these calls, in my experience so far.    Sherri  Yeah, me too. Let's see, my first call I got was from Russia.    Ron  No, really?    Sherri  Yeah.    Ron  Oh, I haven't has any outside of the ~US.    Sherri  Eh uh I just that was just that one, my very first one was from Russia.    Ron  I'll be darned.    Sherri  Some gal.    Ron  Ooh, I would love    Sherri  From Moscow.    Ron  Oh, I would love to get. And it was Moscow, R- the Russia, not Moscow, Indiana?    Sherri  Oh, definitely, it was it was Moscow, Russia, with a real Russian accent, yeah.    Ron  I mean ah Iowa, I mean.  Oh my goodness.    Sherri  Yeah I I didn't know it was international. I thought it was just you know the United States.    Ron  Yeah me too. Well, jeez, that'll be something to look forward to. I I'd love to get someone from outside the ~US.    Sherri  Mm.  Yeah.    Ron  So uh what do you think about the uh topic of discussion this evening?    Sherri  I've been sort of surprised. Eh uh I -- I heard uh that Colin Powell wanted um -- to resign last year and they talked him out of it.    Ron  Uh-huh, uh-huh.    Sherri  Or something like that and uh so -- I was still surprised this year when    Ron  Oh thi- you were surprised that he yo- that he decided to step down.    Sherri  yeah I I I still was uh -- kind of surprised.    Ron  Oh, huh, how interesting.    Sherri  eh -- And uh -- and then uh with Condoleezza Rice. They're appointing her ta- to a new position, and I was surprised about Ashcroft.    Ron  Uh-huh, uh-huh.    Sherri  I wasn't like it and then Tom Ridge yesterday.    Ron  Yeah, I saw that. Yeah, I I uh that one I think one probably was the one that most surprised me. I hadn't I hadn't really thought about it. I -- Colin Powell didn't surprise me. Ashcroft surprised me a little bit um but um I sort of started to think he might step down because evidently he was being he was considered somewhat of a lightning rod for um you know some of his more controversial stands and stuff so.    Sherri  Uh-huh.    Ron  But and and so have you been following the uh the proposed nominees? I mean do you think    Sherri  Kellogg, the Kellogg guy.    Ron  Oh yeah, that's right. Where's he going to Commerce? Is that where he's headed?    Sherri  Yeah, that's it, huh?    Ron  Yeah, I don't know anything about him. I I don't know. Do you know anything about him?    Sherri  Mm.  Well, all I know is that that's like a real prestigious uh position, you know to be the what the ~CEO of Kellogg?    Ron  Yeah, yeah. I guess it sort of concerns me that uh you know we're looking at yet uh another corporate head coming into the government. I    Sherri  Mm.  Ye- ye- you know, this is like a -- uh it's a re- -- I think we have a real problem.  That is uh -- you know almost like a big beast you know that's right there and we don't even identify it    Ron  Uh-huh.  Uh-huh, uh-huh.    Sherri  way way way more than we realize.    Ron  Yeah, I I think you're probably right and I think it -- maybe even particularly true under this President, although I don't think it's just limited to him. I think it's a common problem in the ~US.    Sherri  I f- -- I uh I think i- i- it's uh more evident now than ever.    Ron  Uh-huh, uh-huh    Sherri  You know, really um -- tremen- tremendously a ruling and reigning.    Ron  Did you um    Sherri  I think it it's a global uh has a global effect.    Ron  Yeah.    Sherri  I think that's why Al-Qaeda -- took down the the uh twin towers.  Eh w- they were making a a statement.  Uh I think something like that possibly, that it had to do with corporate America.    Ron  Uh-huh, you mean about the corporate thing?    Sherri  Hm?    Ron  Uh you mean because of its -- what it represented around corporate America or something? Is that what you think.    Sherri  I think what corporate America represents -- you know the the financial scheme of it all, the    Ron  Uh-huh, uh-huh.    Sherri  the it just how it eff- effects the globe,    Ron  Mhm.    Sherri  and how eh it effects third world countries and you know just the whole thing. It's just    Ron  Mhm, mhm.  Uh-huh.    Sherri  it's a you know like a a a wealthy despotism or something like that.    Ron  So any thoughts on who you uh you would name?    Sherri  (()) -- You know who I would name? I know this is really wild.    Ron  Do you suppose?  Uh-huh.    Sherri  But uh I don't know you'll probably really laugh but I don't know, I I I always thought that -- Ralph Nader was kind of a a character    Ron  Oh.  Uh-huh.    Sherri  but what I really I mean I really listened to what he said when he was being interviewed    Ron  Mhm.    Sherri  and in just a few words, he didn't mince any meat or anything,  in a few words he said so much that was so    Ron  Uh-huh.    Sherri  like -- like a clarion call it rang so clear. You could hear what he was saying and it was really making sense, and I think he's an expert    Ron  So who would y- what would you appoint him to?    Sherri  on    Ron  Any particular position? I mean, I think that's a good idea.    Sherri  eh -- there's something to do with the economy y- you know for the with the to deal with the    Ron  Yeah.    Sherri  just uh -- like a an equa- e- economic equilibrium or something.    Ron  He might be be good at -- yeah, he might be good at commerce instead of that Kellogg's guy.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29192.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.8 sec].
     prompt  3. Bush Cabinet President Bush has just been elected to another term in office, and he has already started to appoint new people to his political cabinet as current members like Colin Powell and John Ashcroft resign.  Who would you like to see appointed to his cabinet next term?  Who are they, and why do you think they should be appointed? If you were president, which national figures would you appoint to your cabinet and why?  What new cabinet positions would you create and who would fill them?    A  And the one that, oh what's the -- the guy that, um -- Tom Ridge just re- resigned yesterday. He was another one that was -- I didn't really know that much about him. I mean, I guess he was kind of the first -- one on that homeland security or, in charge of that.  But I heard that they were going to -- one of the possible candidates is the the guy he used to be the chief of police of New York.  Well that's somebody to me that's going to have some good -- insight into, you know, what it takes you know -- to -- keep a city secure. You know, because New York, I don't know if you've ever been there    B  Yeah, I went there ((before))    A  has has has got some -- different rules from Texas as far as -- you know you know, running the city.  I mean I, there's a lot lot more people dense population up there than there is in in Texas and they probably would have uh the pol- uh the police chief would probably know -- well what can work in like, airports or, you know, things, situations like that. He was, he was a pretty good -- pretty smart person. But I, it didn't -- I can't remember his name, but -- the, I saw an interview with him, and -- how he, uh -- ran New York and uh -- you know, some of the -- ru- you know, they changed some of the rules, uh -- uh, not rules, but the way they -- uh    B  The management team    A  protected the city. The the police kind of changed their tactics and, because there was a lot of -- oh -- run down areas, and a lot of crime and they, you know -- got -- cleaned it up, and and -- they passed some laws that said, you know, you couldn't, I think it was like, um -- you know, like homeless people that -- carrying -- uh -- you know, shopping carts, or something like that, and it sounds -- small -- to outlaw that. But they outlawed that because they said a lot of people were stealing stuff. They'd stick them in the shopping carts and push them down the road. You wouldn't know, oh, they're just a homeless person. Well they cut that out and they found out -- it cut down on the theft.  Uh -- I guess people -- hide them in their basket and -- or taking something and then stick in their basket and the police never -- you know, bothered them. Well, the homeless people -- I guess, they need their shopping cart, so they kind of went elsewhere, so -- um -- I mean it's a small thing,  but it was, they just figured out, they were -- you know, uh -- learning from experience on what they need to do in the -- city and -- I think he would be a good -- candidate for the Homeland Security,  running that.    B  But, eh, for the foreign po- uh this is all all what you are saying is like, about the internal -- but what about the external policy or something like that? Whom do you think would be suitable?    A  The what now policy?    B  Like, eh, foreign po- or international policy or external or    A  Mhm.    B  uh, whom do you think -- would be suitable for this position?    A  To run foreign policy?  Um -- like, uh -- well, it was -- Colin Powell was Secretary, was he Secretary of State? Is that what that was?    B  Yeah.    A  And Condoleezza Rice is going to step into that position, the way I understand it, uh.    B  Yeah, that's right.    A  Yes.  You know, she may be -- uh uh uh, you know, uh -- a uh Bush yes person, you know, I don't know, uh    B  Yeah, so I I don't think this will change too much I mean.    A  well mo- most -- most -- aides to the President, if it was -- you know, I guess when it was Clinton it was, they'd probably be kind of yes people too, but, I mean they pick the person to -- you know, help them and I guess they're going to have to have -- philosophies and and -- run it the way they would or way they'd want, uh    B  Yeah, actually I agree with you. I think uh -- during, uh, Clinton time uh -- the uh like international policy or the external policy was -- was much better than -- uh what what is happening right now, so.  I think if we took Bill Clin- Bill Clinton as like, as a foreign policy -- He he would be he will do a very good job.  I I would say.    A  Mhm.    B  Uh, do you think there is uh -- some other, uh like -- positions has to be has been -- has to be created, like uh -- for the next election.    A  I'm s- -- say that again. I didn't understand.    B  I mean, I mean, is there any other, eh, positions or -- Uh, like uh, has to be created like the -- uh -- election. I mean -- uh, for example they they made, uh -- a position for like, uh -- internal eh, security -- I I think after, eh September eleventh    A  Mhm.    B  they created a position like that.  Do you think there is -- some other position has eh have to be created?    A  I don't think so. I don't think you need -- uh -- you never know what's go- going to happen, I mean um -- what could -- you know, there could be something hap-    .
sgm file name: fsh_29195.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.4 sec].
     prompt  3. Bush Cabinet President Bush has just been elected to another term in office, and he has already started to appoint new people to his political cabinet as current members like Colin Powell and John Ashcroft resign.  Who would you like to see appointed to his cabinet next term?  Who are they, and why do you think they should be appointed? If you were president, which national figures would you appoint to your cabinet and why?  What new cabinet positions would you create and who would fill them?    A  Um -- and then I I don't -- know who would you who else would you -- well what about Ruly -- Rudolph Giuliani    B  Well.  I don't know.  I you know what? I think -- I think Rudy Giuliani was a great mayor -- for nine eleven.    A  Right.    B  I don't think he was a great mayor the whole time he was a mayor.    A  Well, I I'm a New Yorker, and I got to tell you that I I think nine eleven I I think -- basically made him.  Other than that, I think he was a little too decisive.    B  Yeah.    A  Uh not I shouldn't say decisive, too divisive.    B  Yeah, I think he    A  As far as -- the race relationship in this city. You know, it doesn't take much to to please -- the other side. And that and that's what government is all about.    B  no, it doesn't.    A  And he -- he wasn't -- he wasn't too much of a good uh    B  He he would've gone out as a mediocre mayor had it not.  And I but even even saying that I can't begrudge him. But he did a great job in the crisis. Some people do better in crises.    A  Yeah.  Exactly.  Exactly, exactly, I I think that nine eleven made him and    B  Yeah.    A  and at that point in time, he wanted to stay on, which was sort of sort of ridiculous.    B  And if if if I don't think the rest of the country knows that, because they don't know what he did before nine eleven, because they don't pay any attention.    A  Eh -- Exactly.  Exactly, of course, you're right, you're quite right.    B  And -- I think that if he did get a government agency,  it would have to be one that was having crisis a lot of times I mean,  he would just have to devote himself to that. If he could just do that, it would be fine.    A  It's a good point.    B  But if he gets if gets into a lot of policy making and stuff that for other things, you know,    A  Yeah, yeah.  Yeah, I I I I know I one of the    B  I don't know.  Probably would be a good attorney general, he did that    A  it could very well, he did a good job, you're right, he probably could follow in what's his name's footsteps.    B  you know.  I think I think the cases that he picks and chooses probably I wouldn't necessarily put on top of the list, but he did seem to    A  Right.    B  prosecute everybody evenly.    A  Yeah. That much I think we can we can probably agree with. He will probably do that evenly.    B  Yes.  Right.    A  I you know who I thought would have made a great, uh well I I know you guys had your own political uh struggles in Jersey.    B  Right.  Yeah.    A  Um and uh    B  It's a soap opera.    A  oh it certainly was, I I saw the footage. I    B  Right, right, all of a sudden. I'll tell you this. Within one day, everybody I met said -- oh, McGreevey, sure, I knew that.    A  Oh really?    B  That became the national thing to say in Jersey, and in Jersey. Like, everybody knew it, I'd be like, you did not. Nobody knew that.    A  In Jersey?  Yeah I think I was -- I think I was -- I was on a cruise, and I put on the television uh when I got in at the six oh clock news, and bingo, there he is, uh resigning as Governor of uh New Jersey. I said, you've got to be kidding me.    B  Yeah.    A  But uh -- I thought he would have made a name for himself.  um -- I I can't think of anyone anyone that anyone else out there that um -- that warrants. I mean, you know, you just    B  No.    A  pick people who I think will uh -- have the experience in government. Well not in, not in government, but in the private sector. Um -- who are responsible, and um -- put them in a position to lead.    B  Well,  Yeah, I think uh -- apparently -- the President likes people that are the same philo- -- political philosophy as him, and I'm not sure I mean I think he just needs some other voices in there, but    A  That's right.    B  I don't know if it'll happen. It's    A  That's a good point. Well, I    B  or not. He he needs some liberals in there and he needs some -- Ralph Nader people, and some Green Party people, and some, just some.    A  Well I I think more conservative, what do you call them? Conservative uh -- um -- um what do you call them? Uh conservative uh -- more -- oh bloody he-    B  Ideologues?    A  I yeah well I guess you could look at it that way, yeah.    B  eh    A  Um.  Um.  I didn't particularly like the the tone about the the religious uh -- side of -- the that election. I I thought that was a little crazy.    B  Yeah, I think pretty wack.    A  If it's one thing we need to be careful about, it's separating the Church from    B  Exactly, I'm a pastor, and that bothers me.    A  and -- uh -- Yeah.  Oh I I'm glad to hear some uh an actual pastor who says that. I I I think that we need to make sure that that that    B  Yeah.    A  that stays the way it is. I think it serves everyone well.    B  Well, for one thing, it it ends up as the uh -- government officials are those seeking office, and uh -- preaching and teaching to people, and that's my job.    A  Right.  I agree.    B  That's what I do. You mind your stuff, I'll tell my people what we're doing.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29226.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.3 sec].
     prompt  4. Peterson Trial Scott Peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife Laci and their unborn son, and he now faces the death penalty.  Do you think he is guilty of the crimes he's been convicted of?  If so, what were his motives?  How closely did you follow the trial and what do you think of all of the media coverage of the trial? What kind of sentencing should Peterson receive?    Christina  Hi.    Greg  Hi.    Christina  I'm Christina from Connecticut.    Greg  I'm Greg from Columbus, Ohio.    Christina  Oh, okay. Ooh, Scott Peterson. I was like, I got to talk to someone about this. I have to voice my opinion. Well, no, I mean you could go or, well    Greg  Uh, I -- Okay, go ahead.  Hey shoot, you got more sense than I do.    Christina  Okay, I -- have been following the trial, I don't know why, ever since this whole thing happened. I am a stay at home mom, so I get to watch the ~TV more often, and I -- you know have been fo- -- watching all these forensic pathologists, Dr. Henry Lee. You know, and and what I see is that there is no physical evidence that he did it.  And yeah, it sounds like he did do it because he dyed his hair, was trying to get away, and the anchor and a boat. But there's -- -- I for some reason, deep down in my heart, don't believe he did it.  And you know and I think the media made him guilty, and I think -- it's like you know, I mean you saw what happened outside the courtroom, I don't know if you did or not, see how they were cheering on.  I don't think he's guilty and, I hope he doesn't get the death penalty. And -- I don't know.  I I just don't think he's guilty. I think he's wrong, what he did, everything, he cheated on his wife, that's so wrong, but -- that doesn't make him a murderer, he's just a cheater, he's just a -- you know, like one hundred ten percent you know eighteen karat -- asshole, like i- Mar- Mark Geragos called him.    Greg  Yeah.    Christina  How about you? You probably think he's guilty, or    Greg  Well -- Yeah, no I, I think, I think ((the guy's)) definitely guilty uh Just based on, I haven't followed it all that closely, although you can't help but follow it closely because there's so much crap on the news.    Christina  Mhm.    Greg  But uh no i- the -- uh the I think well first of all, you know I agree with you, I think cheating on your wife's pretty low.  But I think what happened i- it's living the b- uh living large.  You could tell both of them uh you look some of the things they had, you know,  he had a few bucks or so. (()) finish, things were getting him down, uh you know, you know how it is, day after day though -- M- marriage isn't all that wonderful.    Christina  Right.    Greg  Eh, you know and I don't think he had faced that, and plus, you know, a lot of the neat stuff from the outside, and particularly Amber Frey, who I don't particularly think is neat, but it was something that uh you know he went after    Christina  Mhm.    Greg  and so uh he figured, well -- these will, these things would get rid of her I guess.  I don't, I don't know why like his uh, the wife's or the mother said divorce is an option I think.    Christina  Yeah.  I know, that's very powerful. Not, you know, not murder and, oh, I mean, I don't know.    Greg  But -- you know, I I can see, the guy wasn't thinking right. He was screwed up, you know, a despicable human being and he, just -- You know, the easy way out. This'll work, I guarantee I'm too damn smart.    Christina  But you know what, it's like I think they didn't want to find him guilty because remember when ~OJ was not found guilty? I mean, oh my God, the, you know, but it's like, ~LA would have like, turned ~LA upside down, like all the, you know    Greg  Yeah.    Christina  I- it just, I don't know what would happen if he was found guilty, but now I think they said that they wanted to prove that -- you know, okay, we're not going to let this guy walk, like, don't let this guy walk either, big high profile case.    Greg  Well, yeah you have to look, see, I think the locale, that both of them took place, and one took place in ~LA,  which is terribly open- minded and, uh, the other one took place in uh, Mida- well, uh ((Redoak)) City.    Christina  Mhm.  Redwood City, yeah.    Greg  And who, Redwood City is one of those things that would, uh shift San Francisco and ~LA to, uh, to a red state rather than a blue state if you let them. It's very, very conservative there.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29272.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.4 sec].
     prompt  4. Peterson Trial Scott Peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife Laci and their unborn son, and he now faces the death penalty.  Do you think he is guilty of the crimes he's been convicted of?  If so, what were his motives?  How closely did you follow the trial and what do you think of all of the media coverage of the trial? What kind of sentencing should Peterson receive?    Alithia  Hi.  I'm Alithia.  Um,  uh, Scott Peterson trial.    A  ((Did you-))    Alithia  Ah.    A  The only reason I- I, uh, actually picked to do this one is I lived in Redwood City, so.    Alithia  Redwood, where's that?    A  Um, it's northern California.    Alithia  Oh.    A  Where the trial's at.    Alithia  And the trial's there.    A  Yes.    Alithia  Oh, you pick your own -- you pick your own topic?  Mm.    A  No, I just picked it. They just called me and I'm like -- I heard Scott Peterson and I'm like, yeah, I know what the question's going to be about.    Alithia  Yeah, I heard something about it. I don't know. I- I don't know if he's- if he's guilty or not. What do you think?    A  I think so. I think he got into an argument with her and he pushed her. And I think she fell and maybe she hit her head or something and it killed her, so he panicked.    Alithia  What about the baby?    A  I don't think he -- you know, I thi- I don't know.  I don- eh, you know, because -- th- well, with the baby and stuff, you know, she was still pregnant at that time, so.    Alithia  Oh.    A  You never know.    Alithia  Yeah, because I was really -- I wasn't really following it that much because I was-    A  Yeah.    Alithia  but -- ((but I'd love to have his hair)) something just came off the ~TV about the Scott trial.    A  Yeah. Where are you at?    Alithia  I'm in South Carolina.    A  Oh, okay. Yeah. I live in Redwood City, which they actually moved the trial here a couple months into it.  Um, from Modesto, California.    Alithia  Oh.    A  Where he had committed the murders, so.    Alithia  Okay.    A  Yeah, we're a pretty small town, so our newspaper covers it a lot. Still do, I'm kind of sick of hearing about him, but -- e- hopefully this'll be the end of it.    Alithia  Yeah.    A  Once they sentence him ((I bet)).    Alithia  Yeah.  Hopefully, you know, if he's guilty hopefully, you know, they find him guilty -- and hopefully they have evidence, you know. Do you know if they have, like, evidence and,    A  Yeah.    Alithia  you know, against him or whatever?    A  There was so much evidence, you know, it's -- a lot of it couldn't be used, a lot of it was used in that,  you know, what they used against him.    Alithia  How would -- did they, like, found, like, eh, you know, fingerprints or whatever?    A  Um, no. Um, they brought the boat down, or a duplicate of the boat to, kind of, you know, get a feel for it but they had to remove it from Redwood City because people were putting flowers in it in -- memory of Laci and, you know, planting flowers around it and stuff, so it was pretty interesting.    Alithia  Oh, yeah, that's cool.  Eh, did you all -- did you all know her, or?    A  But I- -- What?    Alithia  Did you all know Laci, or?    A  Um,  a friend of mine's sister used to work in a maternity wear store and Laci Peterson, the day before she disappeared, was in her store maternity shopping.    Alithia  Oh.    A  So, yeah, it was my friend's sister -- who lives in Modesto.    Alithia  Oh, okay.    A  Yeah, so, it kind of hit close to home with her, she's just -- you know, because she kind of felt like she knew her and    Alithia  Right.  Yeah, I think it's very sad,  you know, just hearing about it.    A  Yeah, it's -- it's -- a whole long process. They've been at this for almost three years, so.    Alithia  Three years?    A  Yeah, it's almost been three years.    Alithia  Oh, I thought it was just getting on ~TV over here.    A  No.  Yeah, it might be over there, but it's been on here for a long    Alithia  So, it must've just went local and then then went national    A     Alithia  Oh.    A  You know, we're close to the trial so of course it's going to be in the newspaper every single day.  So, it's, you know, and the trial, the, um,  what is it called, the verdict, was actually read by audio over the ~TV. So it it's pretty ((depressing))    Alithia  Mhm.  Is this the case that's trying to, um,  uh, they're trying to- to get a new juror?    A  Mm,    Alithia  Is that -- is that the one where somebody called a news-    A  they're trying to get a what?    Alithia  a new *jural -- a new dir- -- They did?    A  Oh, they already did.  Yes, a long time ago.    Alithia  Because somebody had -- called the news people.    A  Yep.  They already did, a long time ago, um, actually a couple days before the verdict was was put on.    Alithia  Oh really?    A  Yes.    Alithia  Because that's what they're still talking about he- in these papers here.    A  Yeah, they did that a while back.    Alithia  Oh my goodness.    A  So, it's now getting wind to your area.    Alithia  So we're- this- we're so late over here.    A  You know, we get pretty much the information ((hey, it's mom and,)) hold on.    Alithia  Okay.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29302.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.4 sec].
     prompt  4. Peterson Trial Scott Peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife Laci and their unborn son, and he now faces the death penalty.  Do you think he is guilty of the crimes he's been convicted of?  If so, what were his motives?  How closely did you follow the trial and what do you think of all of the media coverage of the trial? What kind of sentencing should Peterson receive?    Hillary  Hello.    Kelly  Hello?    Hillary  Hi, my name is Hillary.    Kelly  Hey, hello. My name's Kelly. Could you hold on for a second?    Hillary  Sure.    Kelly  One, okay.  Hello?    Hillary  Mhm.    Kelly  Hillary?    Hillary  Yeah.    Kelly  Hey, yeah, okay.    Hillary  It's uh    Kelly  So the    Hillary  a pretty -- depressing topic for today.    Kelly  yeah, I guess so. The truth is I don't really, uh, I don't really know much about that topic.  I didn't really follow the trial very closely at all    Hillary  we don't have, uh, cable so we purposely didn't watch the trial, but I read about it on the internet.    Kelly  so    Hillary  and basically    Kelly  Oh, really?    Hillary  he -- killed his wife when she was -- eight months pregnant and -- and dumped her in, uh -- the ocean, basically.    Kelly  So why was it so special? Why did that, uh -- particular case make -- the the national news?    Hillary  I think it's because it was in such, it was like a, um    Kelly  Like    Hillary  it was -- in such a quiet, upscale community where it happened and -- um just I think the fact of her being eight months pregnant, um, drew a lot of attention and    Kelly  Yeah.    Hillary  of course people were worried about her for a long time and then they found her and blah blah blah. It was -- gossip, basically.    Kelly  ((Yeah, right.)) Oh, but the mistress had nothing to do with the murder?    Hillary  I think -- yeah, cause he found out, they found out he had a mistress, and then it was like, oh -- Yeah.  Are -- I don't think, I don't think so, but who knows? I don't know.    Kelly  Right.    Hillary  very sad cause she has a child herself and so she drug her son through a lot of -- uh, drama that he didn't need to be part of.    Kelly  Wait, what happened?    Hillary  I don't know.  She has a son too, so he he also got put -- um -- you know, in the spotlight a bit, from what I understand. I didn't, I don't have TV though, so I don't really know.    Kelly  Oh, the son of the, right right.    Hillary  of -- of his girlfriend, yeah.    Kelly  Yeah.    Hillary  I don't know. I hear though, that he's going to be -- the first person to be (()) um -- uh -- killed for a crime in California in like, thirty five years or something.  Oh.    Kelly  Oh, really?    Hillary  I don't know if they've, I don't know if they've -- um -- given him the death penalty yet. But I think he would be the first in, in a really long time to actually -- be killed.    Kelly  Yeah, that's amazing.    Hillary  I don't    Kelly  Um -- why, uh, now why did they decide that this was to be this big (()) out of this with the most heinous crime in all of California?    Hillary  well, you know    Kelly  I mean I guess that's not how they decide who died, but it's because of the    Hillary  you know, and    Kelly  the, uh, cou-, like the -- the court that they went to, like the area doesn't    Hillary  well, I don't know why they decided on this, I think it was because it was so public of a case.  But they have a lot of    Kelly  Yeah.    Hillary  they have many many worse crimes going on in California, parents killing their children and everything, that you would think -- would would, um -- you know, be    Kelly  Hearing more.    Hillary  be more    Kelly  Stringent penalties,    Hillary  yeah, but they don't, they ignore those because this one got on television, I guess.    Kelly  keep like -- uh, the jury from watching ~TV and the media and stuff. But I guess now ((it's, uh)) -- pretty much impossible -- to do.    Hillary  I i don't know. I never really got the whole -- watching it on ~TV and and getting into the whole -- mystery of it because, in the end, the woman's dead and so is her child and -- and -- there's -- really no way of changing that I guess.    Kelly  Yeah, uh, I think it's kind of strange how it was so publicized.  Like I'm just, seriously, like I don't, like I try not to watch, like -- too much, like    Hillary  You can't help it sometimes.    Kelly  Yeah I know.  But it just amazes me that, uh, I think it's ridiculous how publicized -- how much publicity it got because -- I mean there's like human rights violations going on all around the world. I mean there's like, genocide in Sudan right now but like, nobody talks about that. That's like (())    Hillary  Oh yeah and what's going on in, I know and people -- flock, flock to the store to buy all their -- all their foreign made goods and it's like what are you -- doing? Obviously they don't really care about what's going on. They just like to hear the details.  Maybe if they could hear the details about other things they would be more involved. I don't know.    Kelly  Um (()) it's almost like, uh -- (()) diversion but it just seems like they just make it into like, like a soap opera for people to watch, you know?    Hillary  Well you know, some people were glued to their ~TVs for weeks,  and it's just to disturbing that that would be their -- their main entertainment during the day.    Kelly  Oh yeah, definitely. It's creepy.    Hillary  Especially when there's so many other things they could be doing. We have three kids. I could not sit around all day and watch a murder trial on ~TV, especially with my kids around.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29303.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.4 sec].
     prompt  4. Peterson Trial Scott Peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife Laci and their unborn son, and he now faces the death penalty.  Do you think he is guilty of the crimes he's been convicted of?  If so, what were his motives?  How closely did you follow the trial and what do you think of all of the media coverage of the trial? What kind of sentencing should Peterson receive?    A  Uh, there there's something about this Scott Peterson trial, though, that the th- that I can't I can't recall hearing.  Did the -- are they still going to try to get him with, uh,  the death penalty or are they -- -- or are they going to be content with just, uh,  just, you know, giving him life, uh, have heard about that?    B  Um,    A  I mean, are are they still going to go after him with al- with all their -- all of their ability?  Eh, you know, are they -- are they s-    B  I think if they do -- if they -- th- I think that they can -- because -- in California,  uh,  the baby was considered a person    A  Yeah, yeah.  So, th- then an-    B  and they had a little bit about that at church last week -- when I went to church services, or the week before, I can't remember, but,  um, it -- I kind of thought then -- that, uh, when I first heard about the case,  let me just back up a little bit.    A  Yeah.    B  When I first -- heard the case,  or about it,  I -- told myself,  if he did do it,    A  Yeah, he probably did.    B  and I think he did,    A  Yeah.    B  uh, if he did do it,  I -- thought to myself,  he will probably get -- the maximum sentence of whatever it is    A  Well, he he he probably will, yeah.    B  because of the baby    A  Yeah.    B  and, to me, I -- don't believe even -- eh, exactly, you know, fetal state,  I believe that that was a baby -- that could've lived.    A  Right, a human being, yeah.    B  So, to me,  I wouldn't -- he- it wouldn't've been good if he -- if I had been on his jury.    A  Mm, yeah, I see what you mean.    B  I could never vote,  I mean, to let him go.    A  Well, you know    B  I c- but, now, I don't know that I would vote for a death penalty because I'm not sure that a -- a death cancels out a death.    A  Right, yeah.    B  I'm not -- -- I I don't know, and -- I wouldn't really be able to vote -- on that because my father was killed at work.    A  Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.    B  So, you think you -- -- so, you know, I I've got two things that probably -- I would be disqualified on that kind of a jury.    A  Yeah, maybe so.    B  Well, I'm pretty sure of it.    A  Well, uh-    B  But,  uh,  believe it or not, I do still feel sorry for him    A  Uh, wh- yeah, I do too. I feel sorry for him.    B  because,  uh,    A  He's going to be in the    B  more so for his family -- m- more so for both families -- because I know that from my own experience,  we're the one's that are left.    A  Well, he's also being, uh, you know, dragged through, uh, the media, you know, uh,    B  Now, to to me that was    A  the nation-wi- nation-wide med- the natio-    B  totally unfair.    A  Oh, you mean being dragged through the media like that? Yeah, it it is unfair, yeah.    B  Yeah.  That was wrong.    A  You know, he's having th- he's having th-    B  Eh, I I don't know, though, if it was because it was sensational lies. The case was so different    A  W- well it was a-    B  and horrible.    A  it was a pretty sensational case, all right, yeah.    B  And then when they drug in, I re- I can't -- that Amber Frey,  and then also that, um,    A  I'm in th-    B  Gloria Allred,    A  Yeah, Amber's the attorney.    B  any time you bring in Amb- er, I mean, Allred,  I'm not against her, I like her,  eh, at times, but -- when they brought her in -- and this other woman,  I though, uh-oh,  any chance he has of any -- of any kind of a trial that's,  uh,  not what I call sensationalized,  is over.    A  Well, yeah. Uh,I agree with that, yeah.    B  Over.  Forge-    A  You know, she was, eh, in -- always ruling in, uh, in, uh,  what was the word I was looking for, uh,  possessive -- no, not possessive but protective -- of, um,  of, uh, her client, um,  just, um,  wh- what was her name?    B  Amber?  The- the girl?    A  Yeah.  He was o- yeah. She was always ready to bite anyone's head off that ha- had anything,  you know,  slightly wrong abo- you know, uh, ow,  or amiss about Amber.    B  Well, you know, you may think I'm a little -- crazy, but at first when I heard about,  uh,  Frey,  when I first heard about her,  I got worried that maybe it was -- both of them    A  No, yeah, may-    B  because they're -- I've never totally -- believed -- that Peterson did this all by himself.    A  She may have -- she may have, uh, planted the idea in his head, you know.    B  Yet something tells me,  and -- I think -- that he actually -- was so involved her,  th- Amber,    A  Yeah.    B  that if -- she had anything to do with this,  I don't think he would ever tell.  I don't believe he would ever tell on her.    A  Yeah.  Uh    B  There was the impression I got. I kind of,  uh,  watched him at different times when they would mention her    A  Yeah, he he seemed to be be very vili- he seemed to be most most un- at- eh, un-at-ease    B  and I just think that    A  when they were talking about Amber.    B  Right.    A  Yeah.  Uh    B  And that caught my eye. I don't know if it's because I'm a woman but, um,  I thought, uh-oh,    A  Hm.    B  because at that time, uh -- right now, I've been, like, totally busy with,  uh,  holiday,  you know, so    A  Yeah.  Yeah.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29326.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.4 sec].
     prompt  4. Peterson Trial Scott Peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife Laci and their unborn son, and he now faces the death penalty.  Do you think he is guilty of the crimes he's been convicted of?  If so, what were his motives?  How closely did you follow the trial and what do you think of all of the media coverage of the trial? What kind of sentencing should Peterson receive?    Mohammed  Hi. Good evening.    Jean  Hello.    Mohammed  How're you doing?    Jean  Good evening. My name is Jean, and I'm in Arizona.    Mohammed  Oh, from Arizona, Jean. How are you doing?    Jean  I'm fine, thank you. And what's your name?    Mohammed  Ah, this is Mohammed, calling from New York.    Jean  Mohammed, calling from New York. Glad to meet you.  Well, the topic is interesting, but they've been having this one for three days. I don't know why they're so obsessed with it.    Mohammed  Seems like it's a weekend,  or they want to get as much as they can feedback from people.    Jean  I guess so, Yes.    Mohammed  And so what do you think was-    Jean  I I didn't actually -- watch the trial very much, uh th- in fact, I didn't watch the trial at all.    Mohammed  Mhm.    Jean  I read about it in the newspaper and things like that.  Um,  I do think from all the, uh, things that I have heard that he -- had to be guilty with all the evidence that they had, but um,  I don't really know why, uh,  if everybody was so, sort of, obsessed about it when we've got so much other -- things going on in the world that, uh, seem to me much more important, but um.  Perhaps it was because he seemed, uh, a very human kind of person and, and you cou- you couldn't really understand why he would want to do something about that. I- I think his motive must have been to be with his new girlfriend, but uh- -- kill his own first child that way is extraordinary.  What do you think? Mohamed?    Mohammed  Yeah.    Jean  And what do you- What do you think about it?    Mohammed  Being very frankly, I was not,  uh, following the case at all even uh uh television, or uh reading, but from what I can observe,that it seems, eh, it has been talking -- -- taking too long time.  Like one year almost, now.  It was-    Jean  When you what?    Mohammed  It was -- taking so much time. Long time.    Jean  Yes.    Mohammed  The case is almost one year.  Like last,  uh, Christmas if I'm not, uh, recalling my memory.  So for one year, it's really a good time. Hu- So I'm asking myself why it took such a long    Jean  Hm.    Mohammed  It may be because -- it's quite important,  or so there is so many everything's, I mean,  it's, it's a really different case.  But,  the quo- the nice quotient is about the media.  But the media have biased in this,    Jean  Yes.    Mohammed  or not?  I believe that media is a very good, uh,  I mean, uh,  way to give us all the opportunity to understand and see.  I mean without the media,  you and I, how we will be knowing?    Jean  No, exactly.  Do you think they were biased in in -- favor of him, or in favor    Mohammed  I- -- No, I don't think so.    Jean  No, I didn't think so either from what I heard.    Mohammed  Maybe -- sometimes in- in- in- in other issues they- they may be biased, but in this issue they were just -- covering what's happening,    Jean  Yes.    Mohammed  and, uh, they give us the picture. It was a camera -- to give you the view.  I don't think they were biased in this case here.    Jean  Yes.  No.    Mohammed  And, uh,  what do you think will happen next?    Jean  Well, uh they're coming up to the sentencing, and I heard yesterday or read in the newspaper or something that his brother -- I guess it was on the television.  In the news, his brother was appealing -- for them to to sentence him to -- to prison for life rather than the death penalty, because -- he said he's a very good listener and he cares about people, and and he might be able to help a lot of people in prison.  I don't know whether that is true or not. I know that he had done a lot of volunteer things before, and that was the one things that made me wonder there was any possible chance that it could have been somebody else who did it.  I think given such as I have heard, even though like you, I did not follow the case day by day or anything like that,  I don't quite see how he could not be guilty if they've got so much that appears to point to him.  And what would be the motive for anybody trying to -- to get him if it wasn't    Mohammed  Yeah.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29336.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.3 sec].
     prompt  5. Death of Arafat (1) Controversial PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week.  Do you think Arafat's death will help or hurt the Israeli-Palestinian peace process?  Was Arafat a good leader? What do you think US policy should be toward Palestine now that Arafat has died? What, if anything, should the US do to be involved in the Middle East peace process?    Gandhi  Hi, good evening.    Marco  Hi. Wha- I didn't catch your name. What's your name?    Gandhi  Gandhi from New York. You?    Marco  Gindhi?    Gandhi  New York. Yeah.    Marco  From New York.    Gandhi  Yeah.    Marco  Uh, Marco from Illinois.    Gandhi  Okay, Mark. Uh,  I think it's fresh topic for tonight.    Marco  Yeah, yeah. Good topic. It's a good topic.    Gandhi  So what do you think?    Marco  Well,  um, I would- I would have to start- -- I would have to start, generally, in stating- -- stating what I think is the problem and -- -with the Middle East and what- For me, one of the major problems is the fact that -- the -- United States government gives so much aid to the state of Israel.  In which,  the state of Israel buys -- many expensive military weapons,  ah, which is used to -- oppress and -- to kill a lot of Palestinians.  So, for me, that's -- the- that's essentially the root of the problem.  And, um, Yasser Arafat was kind of in a difficult position, because you have these,  um, incredibly -- oppressed and in some ways imprisoned,  uh, Palestinians,  and if -- Arafat hadn't, um, tried to stand up -- and help them and- and fight for their rights, then -- m- they wouldn't have respected Arafat,  but then again, you know, he couldn't be too friendly with the West,  um,  and, um, and so he did the best he could, I think. It's a difficult -- leadership role.    Gandhi  Mhm.    Marco  Yeah.  Um,  what do- Well, how about you?    Gandhi  I think,  yeah, more or less, I c- I agree with what you said. It's almost, this is my view as well.  And the question is,  what next?  I mean,  some idea -- from Israeli side, they were saying -- he was a problem,  and if he goes, everything will be quite easy.    Marco  Yeah.    Gandhi  Fine.  Now he's not in anymore.    Marco  Yeah.    Gandhi  So, let us wait and see.  Hope.  If he was a problem himself,  hope -uh,  the coming one -- will be in a good -- position to negotiate with the other side, Israel, and then -- peace can be achieved.    Marco  Yeah.    Gandhi  Uh,  we have to wait and see, but,  uh,  it seems it's not easy.    Marco  But, I,  eh, I get the feeling that- -- It's almost- -- The peace process- We can't put it on -- the ro- or the- -- the whole responsibility of the pre- -- peace process can't be the leader of -- a- -- a group that is- -- I don't know, in my view,  has -- not ver- not very many resources to fight- -- to fight this -- battle that -- their trying to fight against -- a government that has taken away a lot of their land,  that,  you know, doesn't allow them to really move around in their own country.  So, unless that -- stops,  the, um,  the leader of the Palestinians -- really can't do too much -- to further the peace process, because -- there are -- a lot of bad things happening to the people -- of that -- leader.    Gandhi  That's correct, as well.    Marco  Yeah, so it's- -- it's kind of, it's- -- it seems like the, um,  the media, at least in the United States, is -- putting all of this -- focus and responsibility on the leader of the Palestinians, as if it was    Gandhi     Marco  Arafat's fault that any of- -- any of the violence was caused.  So,  it seems like an unfair treatment -- of- -- of,  you know, the leader of -- the Palestinian people.  Um,  yeah.    Gandhi  Yes. That's absolutely correct. Yeah.    Marco  Yeah.  Hm.    Gandhi  Actually, it- it's a good topic to be choosing, I mean,  uh, because it's one of the fresh topics.    Marco  Yeah.    Gandhi  How long have you been with the study?    Marco  Uh, this is probably my tenth or eleventh conversation.    Gandhi  Tenth, eleven. Almost the same like me. So, the other -- days, which one was quite interesting to you?    Marco  Um,  well, there's been a couple where -- they've- they talked about the Cabinet -- for -- Bush, and Bush has been,  um,  you know,  selecting new Cabinet members and -- all of the new members are people that I'm- I don't really know very well.  So, there's been some topics where I'm- I didn't have very much information.  Other topics -- you know, usually about the election that- -- that, um,  I did have -- a lot of things,  um, to say.  Yeah.  Are you- are you, um,  are you from the United States, or do you come from, uh-    Gandhi  I came from the area, I'm from Egypt.    Marco  You're from Egypt.    Gandhi  Yeah, so I'm- I'm quite, uh,    Marco  So you-    Gandhi  -cerned about, uh- -- uh, over there I mean.  People, actually, they are waiting -- to, uh, to see peace is a fact.  Actually, in both sides,    Marco  Yeah.    .
Following exception caught during parsing:
java.lang.UnsupportedOperationException: Sentence too long: length 128
	at edu.stanford.nlp.parser.lexparser.LexicalizedParser.parse(LexicalizedParser.java:365)
	at edu.stanford.nlp.parser.lexparser.LexicalizedParser.apply(LexicalizedParser.java:276)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.parsingAce(ExtractSynInfo.java:97)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.process(ExtractSynInfo.java:62)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.<init>(ExtractSynInfo.java:34)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.main(ExtractSynInfo.java:127)
Recovering using fall through strategy: will construct an (X ...) tree.
sgm file name: fsh_29344.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.6 sec].
     prompt  5. Death of Arafat (1) Controversial PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week.  Do you think Arafat's death will help or hurt the Israeli-Palestinian peace process?  Was Arafat a good leader? What do you think US policy should be toward Palestine now that Arafat has died? What, if anything, should the US do to be involved in the Middle East peace process?    Ben  Hello?    Sue  Hi, my name is Sue and I'm from Iowa. How are you doing?    Ben  Hi, Sue. I'm Ben, I'm from the Bronx, New York.    Sue  Oh, east coast.  Very nice.    Ben  Yes.  Pouring raining here and cold.    Sue  Oh, well, it's -- you should be getting a little bit of a reprieve, because our is getting a little more mild and -- we seem to get the little more mild weather right before you do, so    Ben  Well, that's good. I w- I want a little.    Sue  it's coming.  Yeah, we even, uh, grilled out the last couple of days, so.    Ben  Oh, how nice.    Sue  Yeah.    Ben  Who's- who's we?    Sue  Uh, well, my husband and I. Yeah.    Ben  Oh, how nice.  Yeah, I'm single, uh, have a- a boyfriend.    Sue  Oh, you do?    Ben  Yeah.  Yeah.    Sue  Well,  good for you.    Ben  And we're talking about Arafat here.    Sue  Yes, Arafat. Let's talk about Arafat. What do you think?    Ben  Huh.  What do I think?  Um,  well,  when -- around the time he was he was getting the Nobel Peace Prize and stuff,  I think he got that.    Sue  Yes, he did.    Ben  Um,  there was a show here in New York at a big theater. I think maybe it was at Lincoln Center in the Philharmonic Theater or the Metropolitan Opera House or the New York State Theater or something. And Arafat came in and got a standing ovation, you know, a peace prize winner bah bah bah bah bah.  The mayor of New York, who was then Rudolph Giuliani,  stood up and walked out, he was also in attendance, and his, uh, comment to the press afterwards was that, you know, he just didn't want to honor a terrorist, and I -- one of the few things that I was happy about with Giuliani when he was mayor.    Sue  Mhm.    Ben  Uh, Giuliani got very popular later because of the- the    Sue  Nine eleven.    Ben  World Trade Center thing but he- he wasn't so popular as a mayor.    Sue  Yeah.  Right, I knew that.    Ben  But, you know, I- I kind of agreed with that Arafat thing, though.  I -- but I do think he accomplished something in that the Palestinian people do have a legitimate grievance and he put it on the map, you know.    Sue  Well, he- -- he did but I think he really failed miserably,  in my opinion, when he,  um,  refused to sign that treaty that was originally set up because it was a wonderful -- option and it really could've re- done some wonderful things for his people and I think he really did them a disservice by not taking care of it at that time.    Ben  Uh-huh.  Uh-huh.  Yeah, what was the treaty? I'm not familiar with it.    Sue  Well, um, where they were going to, uh, give them, like, ninety-six percent of the Ga- of- of Gaza and he said that he wanted all hundred percent.  And so he refused to sign it. It was just an- an incredible faux pas on his part, from my opinion.    Ben  Oh.  Yeah. Yeah, y- it's- it's -- you have to sometimes take a little bit less than you want, you know, uh,  an- and ninety-six percent is a big percentage, you know.    Sue  Yes. And I think that could have really done some wonderful uh steps for -- uh for the Palestinian people uh as a whole.  And I felt -- very sad that, um, that that wasn't -- done. It really should've been. Um, it was really quite unfortunate that- that he -- that he was not willing to,  um, step forward -- to do- do what was really in the best interests of his people.    Ben  Sometimes- sometimes I th- I think it's hard when- when you're the- the first leader, or the George Washington of something, to see things other than in black and white.  You know, or maybe he didn't have the gift of- of nuance that would've helped him to- -- to take that right step, uh, you know, the- -- the -- his people suffer so terribly and maybe, you know, it could have been better if he had signed that, huh.    Sue  I really think so. I really, truly do and now it's a- a situation where, with his passing, um, I think there's a real, um, new opening, a new possibility for- -- some extremely positive steps to come forward out of this -- I do think that the United States -- will probably be requested to be involved in the negotiation process and I understand that, I me- uh, because,  um, I think -- both sides -- have a trust in the United States that make it-    Ben  And we've ha- we have a history, uh, Clinton and Carter w- worked over there -- -try to get some peace going.  They they they worked very personally. They had those retreats and things with the leaders,    Sue  Right.    Ben  arm-twisting sessions.  And stuff, and uh -- That's why we should be there but I'm I'm kind of scared of the people -- that represent the United States now, you know. They're not quite the same caliber.    Sue  Well, that's really true, um,  but it- it is a -- I mean, we are having a- a -- step forward in a lot of ways, um. We- we, I think, do have some potentials, um, to do some extremely positive, um, um, things.    .
Following exception caught during parsing:
java.lang.UnsupportedOperationException: Sentence too long: length 130
	at edu.stanford.nlp.parser.lexparser.LexicalizedParser.parse(LexicalizedParser.java:365)
	at edu.stanford.nlp.parser.lexparser.LexicalizedParser.apply(LexicalizedParser.java:276)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.parsingAce(ExtractSynInfo.java:97)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.process(ExtractSynInfo.java:62)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.<init>(ExtractSynInfo.java:34)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.main(ExtractSynInfo.java:127)
Recovering using fall through strategy: will construct an (X ...) tree.
sgm file name: fsh_29350.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.3 sec].
     prompt  5. Death of Arafat (1) Controversial PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week.  Do you think Arafat's death will help or hurt the Israeli-Palestinian peace process?  Was Arafat a good leader? What do you think US policy should be toward Palestine now that Arafat has died? What, if anything, should the US do to be involved in the Middle East peace process?    Barb  I'm Barb from Indiana.    Roger  Okay, I'm Roger from, um,  Atlanta.    Barb  Hi.  So, what do you think about -- Arafat?  Was he a h-    Roger  Uh, I think that, um,  I bet he wasn't a really good leader.  I think that, um,  that his situation -- -- well, see I got to the -- to- to the level of power that he was in -- back in the eighties -- and once he, um, you know, started getting wealthy and started getting known,  that his agenda ch- uh, changed    Barb  Mhm.    Roger  but it wasn't actually for peace but was to try to find a way to ((send)) the Israelis out of Jerusalem in the areas that they wanted. I really don't think that -- they wanted to coexist. I think that, um, he wanted -- you know, all his people -- all his people wanted to coexist with the -- Israelis. I think that, um,  his death -- marks a beginning of trying to find somebody that -- really wants peace.  I don't think that in that area of the, um, world that you could actually have peace. If you know the Bible well you would know that there's always going to be a conflict there.  Um,  I think that, uh, the United States should open up -- their -- doors to -- not help, but support any, um, process for peace in the area, though.  I don't think that we should get involved to a level, a point where we're sending people over there and, um, trying to -- help keep the peace or anything like that,  um.  There's a lot of stuff that can be done -- by just verbal suppo- -- you know. I think that now he's gone, his family is still around, and    Barb  Yeah.    Roger  uh, millions and millions of dollars that he had is still around but they -- if they bring people in that wasn't involved with his cabinet, n- um,  have different views than him, somebody that gener- genuinely can accept the fact that the Israel- -- Is- Israelis are there and they're there to stay -- and, um,  we going to have to find a way to coexist. If they can find somebody like that, then I think that they should f- support him and, um,  and back him up -- in trying to help define -- peace in the area where peace is impossible.  What do you think about it?    Barb  I agree with you. I didn't know that much about it, I wasn't much into politics back in the eighties.  I was more,  um,  kind of a -- I was a kid on the run from abusive parents back then so that wasn't a,  you know, one of my topics of interest at the time, it is now.  Um,  I -- my roommate, and I still don't know that much about -- I'd love to know more about politics and I'm trying to learn more,  uh, tells me, you know, he was such a terrible man but, eh, I don't listen to everything he says.  And I think it -- -- I mean, it would be nice to have peace over there, but I agree with you, I don't think it's ever going to happen.  I mean, not the way -- -- not the way they'll -- -- not like it is here.  And I agree that we shouldn't send people over there. We've got enough stuff going on with    Roger  Yeah.    Barb  Iraq and I- and, um,  the -- other -- -- the other guy.    Roger  Yeah.    Barb  We got way too much going and too much expense, I mean, we we can't, the that's    Roger  Yeah.    Barb  that would be just putting it over the edge right there.  But I think ought support, you know, a man that,    Roger  Mhm.    Barb  like you said, is -- would like to coexist -- with everybody and somebody that is    Roger  Yeah.    Barb  peaceful -- and, I don't know, I'd like to learn more about the Bible. My parents never took me to church or anything.  But, um,    Roger  Yeah.    Barb  I'd like to -- I know that,  you know, there's been problems, a lot of conflict over there, and it seems like no matter what,    Roger  Ah.    Barb  just like Iraq ye- eh, we try to go in and get peace and- and how long has it been and,  I mean, I think Saddam needed to be removed but it's- -- there's just -- s- all these people that are going to follow him no matter what.    Roger  Yeah, and, um,  I only know about Yasser Arafat because I, um, study international affairs a little bit -- and I know -- a very little bit about him because, of course he was a, um, leader for a long time, longer than the age that I am -- old, so, but I- I- I- I've noticed -- on throughout my studies that -- what he represented to the public -- was -- what he represented to the international public -- was not what he was representing to his people -- and he was representing, um,  peace with the Israelis and he was representing trying to find ((the whites or)) divide the land so that it would be,  um, stop,  um,  uh, war and terrorists in the area.  But I don't think that he had the same image to- to his people. I think that it was a front -- for him to allow to to be accepted in an international community, but I think -- that his ultimate plans and goals were to to run the Israelis out -- maybe closer to the Gaza strip, and to re-take Jerusalem -- and other cities near Jerusalem,  and to, uh, uplift his people in a way that -- they could say, you know, we conquered the Israelis.  It's a matter of, uh -- I mean, it's more than just land,  it's a, um,  conflict of- -- of,  um, hatred,  uh, and racism, I mean, eh, different types of people, um, they don't like each other,    Barb  Yeah.    .
Following exception caught during parsing:
java.lang.UnsupportedOperationException: Sentence too long: length 156
	at edu.stanford.nlp.parser.lexparser.LexicalizedParser.parse(LexicalizedParser.java:365)
	at edu.stanford.nlp.parser.lexparser.LexicalizedParser.apply(LexicalizedParser.java:276)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.parsingAce(ExtractSynInfo.java:97)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.process(ExtractSynInfo.java:62)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.<init>(ExtractSynInfo.java:34)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.main(ExtractSynInfo.java:127)
Recovering using fall through strategy: will construct an (X ...) tree.
sgm file name: fsh_29361.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.5 sec].
     prompt  5. Death of Arafat (1) Controversial PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week.  Do you think Arafat's death will help or hurt the Israeli-Palestinian peace process?  Was Arafat a good leader? What do you think US policy should be toward Palestine now that Arafat has died? What, if anything, should the US do to be involved in the Middle East peace process?    Ali  Hi.    Mark  I- -- my name is Mark.    Ali  My name is Ali,  uh,    Mark  How you d-    Ali  from Pennsylvania.    Mark  how you doing?    Ali  I'm fine.  How are you?    Mark  Good, good.  Not too bad.    Ali  Uh, so let me ask you, do you think Arafat was, uh, a good leader or not?    Mark  Um,  to hi- -- yeah, I- -- I think he did what he thought -- was right for his people.  I- I- -- I would say he was a good leader -- for- -- for, uh, his people.  And as far as our involvement there, should be as little as possible.  Just let them do -- what they,  you know, what they're going to do -- and we should stay out of it ((just)) as -- much as we can. Uh, this country seems to get involved too much in other people's politics.  Should just let them do whatever they're going to do,    Ali  Uh,    Mark  you know.    Ali  mm, by the way I am from Arab origin,  so I also have, uh,  uh, the same opinion -- like you.  I believe he -- -- in my opinion he- he was a good leader -- and, um,  I believe what,  eh, has to be done -- right now is to ((apply)) -- the United Nations', uh,  decisions about the conflict between Arab and Israel because there is -- -- there are a lot of,  uh, decisions have been made -- have been made -- and this, uh- For example, one of them was, uh, decision number two forty-two -- and this was about -- the ha- establishing two- two countries,  one for Israel and another one for Palestine.    Mark  Right.    Ali  So, if we -- -- eh, if United States,  Bush,  Israel ((told)) th- the solution or to, uh,  to make the decision,  eh,  I think this will solve -- the problem.  The -- unfortunately what happens right now- -- The -- for example, which is -- little bit toward it's- it's interest.  For example,  when there was, uh, like,  a -- decision against Iraq,  the United States -- went directly -- to Iraq to -- -- for, eh,  uh,  an invasion -- and -- for -- whatever reasons- -- she even was out, uh,  putting any attention to the United Nations,  uh, like, uh,  approval.  She did wha- what she want.  But, eh,  eh, for Israeli, Palestinian conflict there's a lot of decisions that has to be -- applied but until now -- she didn't put any pressure,  eh,  toward ((this and)) and I believe this policy has been, uh,  this kind of policy,  eh,  um,  eh, became more and more during -- eh, during, uh, eh, Bush -- -- President Bush time.  For example, before, eh, during Clinton,  I believe at that time -- Clinton was trying hard -- to solve this problem and I believe at that time, if you remember,  um,  Yasser Arafat -- and, uh, the prime minister of Israel, his name was Barak,  they met together in the White House -- and -- they almost came to an agreement -- to solve this problem -- and during Clinton, eh,  period -- they had, uh, this ((Oslo)) a- eh, agreement.  Most of the big problems between the two parties,  they negotiated everything almost and there is -- there were, like, final steps that have to be solved.  But, uh, I think if there was, like,  the, um,  the same policy has to be followed after Clinton.  I think -- everything would- -- -finished then- -- the -- I think United States -- went to another direction and, eh,  they forgot about this problem right now.    Mark  Yeah, I g- eh, see, I don't,    Ali     Mark  um, when- when policy is set by one -- -- by one president -- towards- towards one thing,  it's usually -- followed through, if there is something to follow through, by the -- next president in turn. He is more or less obligated -- to continue,  uh, the process that was already started -- but -- I think -- Bush's -- agenda -- is not -- towards that right now. That is not his priority, I don't think.    Ali  Yeah, I think so, yes.    Mark  And, eh,  uh,  although, you know, it's been a long time -- that -- i- they have both -- b- both Israel and Palestine, they both need a -- they both need their own country -- and-    Ali  That's, uh, true because, uh,    Mark  an- -- eh, y-    Ali  in the United Nations they have established -- eh, they made this decision already.    Mark  R- right, right.    Ali  The -- uh, there, uh -- there has to be two countries, one of them for Palestine,    Mark  Right.    Ali  and another one for Israeli but, uh,    Mark  I- I- I agree a hundred percent, uh,    Ali  because, eh, i-    Mark  eh,  but to get so involved in it. I think,  the people,  uh,  the people that are in charge, the- eh, the people that run the governments there -- do need to sit down an- and- and be in touch with each other and if they need a mediator or something like that, that-    Ali  Which is played by U- United States. This is the mediator which, in my opinion, is the one    Mark  R-    Ali  who has the power to convince both -- parties -- about-    Mark  Right. Right. Um, i- -- they -- in --    Ali     Mark  it's a -- -- eh, that i- -- that is what is need and un-    Ali     Mark  unfortunately they've been -- they've been trying to get this settled and hashed out for -- twenty-five, thirty years now.    Ali  Yeah.    Mark  Uh,    Ali  Yeah.    Mark  i- it's been a long time in coming and anything that's good is worth waiting for, you know what I mean? Eh, I mean, that's what I've always been told. And -- but-    .
Following exception caught during parsing:
java.lang.UnsupportedOperationException: Sentence too long: length 121
	at edu.stanford.nlp.parser.lexparser.LexicalizedParser.parse(LexicalizedParser.java:365)
	at edu.stanford.nlp.parser.lexparser.LexicalizedParser.apply(LexicalizedParser.java:276)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.parsingAce(ExtractSynInfo.java:97)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.process(ExtractSynInfo.java:62)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.<init>(ExtractSynInfo.java:34)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.main(ExtractSynInfo.java:127)
Recovering using fall through strategy: will construct an (X ...) tree.
sgm file name: fsh_29395.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.4 sec].
     prompt  6. Criminal Trials/Peterson Scott Peterson has been found guilty of murdering his wife Laci and their unborn son, and he now faces the death penalty.  There's been a lot of media coverage of the Peterson trial.  Why do you think this trial has been so publicized?  What other criminal trials have gotten a lot of media attention, and why? What's the most memorable criminal trial you can recall?    Winnette  Hi, this is Winnette, in Michigan.    Irvin  Hi this is Irvin, Sullivan, Illinois.  What's your name again?    Winnette  Winnette.  With a ~W.    Irvin  ~WYNETT?    Winnette  ~INNETTE.    Irvin  ~WI -- Okay.  Okay. You're in Michigan, huh?    Winnette  Yeah?    Irvin  All right. Uh, what do you know about this Scott -- Peterson trial? I don't know much about it, to be honest with you.    Winnette  Oh this is funny because I just, one of my calls the other day was regarding this.    Irvin  Really?    Winnette  So uh uh they're act- -- actually that's getting a few different questions and -- actually the gentleman I got the other day -- hadn't even heard about it.  Um,    Irvin  Oh really?    Winnette  Well um,  I've been following it pretty closely.  Um,  I guess because of -- you know it being a mother and -- being pregnant for a baby.    Irvin  Oh, uh-huh.    Winnette  Um,  kind of hit more to -- I you know to home.  Um,  So you -- how much of it have you followed? Did, did you -- follow any of it at all when it was on in the news or in the papers or anything?    Irvin  Hardly any of it at all, because -- um -- for one thing -- I do not have a ~TV or a radio and I don't get a daily newspaper.  We get    Winnette  Oh wow.    Irvin  we get a weekly newspaper.    Winnette  Okay.  Um,  well I'll I don't get any newspapers at the house, but -- I listen to the radio every morning on my way to work and    Irvin  Oh yeah?    Winnette  and uh -- when it first happened it was -- pretty publicized on every radio station um -- it come across -- on the news and we keep our ~TV on at my work, because we have a customer waiting area, so    Irvin  Oh, uh-huh.    Winnette  um actually one of our employees had wa- watched ((happening)) -- so from that point on we kind of -- talked a lot about it at work and    Irvin  How long ago was it?    Winnette  different things.  Um,  it was a year -- almost a year ago.  Over a year ago?  Because it was just before Christmas -- that it happened.    Irvin  Over a year ago.    Winnette  Yeah.  Um,  I'm thinking -- I don't know, November, December, I'm not sure exactly.  But I know it was just before Christmas -- when they had uh -- it had happened, because she was missing during Christmas and then they had found her body.  And they -- they found the baby as well.    Irvin  Terrible.    Winnette  Um,  so when they found the baby, the baby of course had been -- they don't know if the baby was born, through delivery,  or -- if maybe from um -- the corpse I guess    Irvin  So the baby was separate.    Winnette  maybe extracted it.  Um, actually she was pregnant for the baby.    Irvin  But the baby was separate from the body when he found it?    Winnette  Yes.  Yep.  Um,  I don't know if ma- I you know I don't know the whole story for sure, but -- um -- he had -- you know, obviously -- denied that he was involved anything to do with it. Then they found out that he was having an affair on her.  And -- then of course when they were investigating him -- he tried running.  Dyed his hair and -- grew out a mustache and -- they caught him trying to run with -- quite a bit of cash.    Irvin  Wow.    Winnette  So I mean,    Irvin  (())    Winnette  he's -- in all honesty been guilty all along the way but    Irvin  Uh-huh.    Winnette  of course you know they've got to give him that reasonable doubt.    Irvin  Uh-huh.  So is he is he still um -- in prison now?    Winnette  Yeah.  And they're making the determination if -- in fact he will get the death penalty, or life in prison.  So that's what's is up in the air right now.    Irvin  What state is this in?    Winnette  California.    Irvin  It's in California.    Winnette  And -- um -- I know I had, it was supposed to have be deliberated on -- the twenty-second of November,  but they had an issue happen with -- one of the jurors -- so it's postponed everything.  But,  actually they were trying to pass a law, and I don't know if it ever did take into effect,  that if in fact a mother was killed, and pregnant,  um -- for there to be a double murder charge.    Irvin  Oh, uh-huh.    Winnette  And -- they were in fact trying to enforce the death penalty on that charge if they were -- found guilty on both charges.    Irvin  Uh-huh.    Winnette  And -- so it's kind of up in the air now -- because he -- I believe he got first degree murder and -- um and then got manslaughter on the baby.  So he didn't get both first degree murders.    Irvin  What's the difference?    Winnette  Where -- Um,  I guess because he didn't murder the baby directly.    Irvin  Oh.    Winnette  I'm thinking maybe was the difference.  And because of the the charge on the baby, they couldn't automatically give him the death penalty, but -- obviously there's enough -- um, complaints or whatever    Irvin  What was his excuse for doing something horrible like that?    Winnette  and -- well he still denies everything.  He has never admitted    Irvin  ((Still does))    Winnette  to do it.  um -- But the only thing they can figure is that maybe -- he wanted back into the bachelor life, and didn't want to be a father, didn't want to be tied down with a wife and child    Irvin  So he didn't have any other children?    Winnette  that was -- No, that was going to be their first.  And actually I don't even think they were married that long, maybe a year or two.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29520.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.7 sec].
     prompt  9. Elections Did you vote in the recent US Presidential election? What did you think of the two candidates, George Bush and John Kerry? What about the Vice Presidential candidates, Dick Cheney and John Edwards?  What issues were most important to you in deciding who to vote for?  If you didn't vote, why not?    Obo  Hello, my my name is Obo in Ithaca, New York    Ted  Hi, my na- -- Hey, my name is Ted and I'm in Jacksonville, Florida.    Obo  Oh, nice, sounds like it's a lot warmer down there.    Ted  Oh yeah, sun's shining, it's a beautiful day.    Obo  Yeah, I guess the elections, ah -- basically, who did you vote for, and the vice presidential candidates, and why, and I'll be honest with you    Ted  Yeah, go ahead.    Obo  I didn't vote for either of those.    Ted  Oh okay.    Obo  I did vote, but I I don't vote for the main party    Ted  Uh-huh.    Obo  ever, I usually try to stay out of the main party, because I think, and this last election showed that both are very brutal.    Ted  It was    Obo  Um, yeah I think that the, uh    Ted  election.    Obo  Oh, I'm sorry.    Ted  It was a very brutal election.    Obo  Yeah, yeah, it's, yeah, you're absolutely, yeah, and I'm sorry, I mean, if you want to add anything I'm sorry.    Ted  No no, go ahead, go ahead.    Obo  And, ah -- It's, it's just that -- Like, I I just, I think that the last fifty years, the government has been mes- messed up by both these parties, honestly.  Even maybe before that.  So, I, I usually do third party -- um, and the way it was working this year was that the Democrats really pushed to get Ralph Nader off the ballot    Ted  Yeah.  Yeah they did.    Obo  in every state, and um -- I mean, the Republicans sort of tried to play like they were helping him out, but they knew they they didn't really have to because they knew the Democrats were already doing more damage to keep him off the ballot and they were successful, and for a progressive party that was very brutal.    Ted  Mhm, it was.    Obo  And I wasn't really impressed by either of the two vice presidential candidates, I know Dick Cheney seems to be running the show    Ted  You know?    Obo  and, ah -- I mean, and, and a lot of it has to do -- and then, I just didn't know much, John Edwards seemed nice, but he just, you know, he was just, he just got elected to the Senate,  and,  I wasn't really familiar too much with hi- I mean, I think it's great that he got into the vice presidential role, but -- again, it's the whole parties that I'm really not really I don't like their policies.    Ted  Well, you kind of hit on some of my sentiments, um, I'm a fifty-year- old black male,  and this was my first election that I participated in.  And the reason was was that, ah, I'm retired Air Force -- and before, ah, because I was in the military -- ah, didn't didn't really think that my vote, um, counted one way or the other, that's that was my thinking.  You know, I had a role to fulfill and regardless of how I voted, uh, I was going to have to fulfill that role.  Um,    Obo  Yeah.    Ted  the, the situation, though, now that I'm out and, in the civilian sector,  um,  I find that the economics as far as home -- is what I'm most concerned with.  And because of the economic situation, I don't think that's being addressed.  Yes, I feel very, very bad in regards to the, ah, nine-eleven tragedy and terrorism and this kind of stuff    Obo  Mhm.    Ted  um, but I think so much attention is being paid to that -- that -- as you mentioned, over the past fifty years, the two parties that run the country -- um, have definitely taken a, um -- streamlined approach to whatever their agenda may be and not the will of the people.    Obo  You said it very well.  I totally, you coul- I couldn't have said it better.    Ted  Now it's uh -- and as time goes on, you know, like, ah, what are we, you know, headed for, what are we faced with?    Obo  I I    Ted  I mean, if we don't start looking inward and start taking care of things at home -- uh, right now, yeah, we are the biggest power in the world.  I heard a commentary by Rush Limbaugh, ah, the other day, and the comment was made was that there always is going to be a big dog on the street.  And right now I'm proud to be, ah, you know, behind the big dog, meaning the United States.  If i- if if -- the United States is not the big dog,  some power in the world is going to step up and be just that.  We got so many crises and tension uh what do you -- hot spots in the world,  that, uh,  instead of getting better, it seems to be growing.  We got, uh, what is it, Iran?  Uh, right behind Iraq there.  And then North Korea, which is, you know, always volatile. Uh, you know, those situations are not getting any better, you know?    Obo  You're absolutely right, yes.    Ted  And as far as -- You know, I mean, what are we going to do?  We can- we cannot -- police the whole world.  We, we truly cannot.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29521.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.4 sec].
     prompt  9. Elections Did you vote in the recent US Presidential election? What did you think of the two candidates, George Bush and John Kerry? What about the Vice Presidential candidates, Dick Cheney and John Edwards?  What issues were most important to you in deciding who to vote for?  If you didn't vote, why not?    John  John in Denver.    Ivan  Hi, this is Ivan in Wisconsin.    John  Ivan in Wisconsin? Oh, I'm -- I grew up in, uh, hour north of Milwaukee, like,  eh,  uh, West Bend,  er, uh,  Fort Washington area.    Ivan  Yeah, I'm, uh, between Lake Geneva and Kenosha.    John  Oh, okay.    Ivan  Yeah.    John  Cool.  Um, man I thought I, uh,  put this whole election stuff behind me.    Ivan  Yeah, I- in fact, I thought we already had a discussion on this, uh, about elections some time back, but I guess it was -- question was framed differently, I guess.    John  Uh-huh.  Well, um,    Ivan  Yeah.    John  I did vote.    Ivan  Mhm.    John  And, um, elections wore me down. I was pretty tired of all that,  you know,  all the commercials and all the hype and -- I don't know. It it we have lunch at work and -- the whole lunch time all you do is see commercials about the -- politicians and,  you know, all that kind of stuff, um,    Ivan  Mhm.    John  yeah.    Ivan  Yeah, I, uh,  I voted.    John  Uh-huh.    Ivan  Um,  uh, and, uh, yeah, I -- feel the same way. I get -- regardless of what year it is or who the candidates are I get tired of listening to it. It -- basically all of it's the same thing all the time and, uh,    John  Uh-huh.    Ivan  they, uh,  tell you the same thing and then they turn around and -- do something different all the time anyway, so it's -- I don't know if it's, uh,  I guess it's wor- -- worth voting, but -- sometimes I wonder.    John  Right.  Right.  Wasn't, uh, Wisconsin was like a swing, er, uh,  they were really pu- or no it was Ohio, I think, was the really, uh,    Ivan  Yeah, Ohio was th- the big swing one. It was    John  big upset.  Right.    Ivan  fairly close here,    John  It was, yeah.    Ivan  uh,  uh, it was, uh,  it went, uh, what color was it? Blue I guess it was.    John  Right.    Ivan  And, uh,    John  My -- uh-huh.    Ivan  yeah, go ahead.    John  Well, my parents live back there still.    Ivan  Uh-huh.    John  In fact, we just got back from Disney World,  you know, about an hour ago and they're down there and they're but they're both, uh,    Ivan  Oh.    John  one's one and one's the other    Ivan  Uh-huh.    John  so they arg- you know, they just go and vote and cancel each other out, you know.    Ivan  Yeah, uh-huh.  Yeah.  Yeah.    John  And, uh,  kind of funny,  so.  Um,  I don't know. I guess we'll just have to see what happens with, uh, Mr. Bush.  Hopefully it's -- good choice,  you know,    Ivan  Mhm.    John  I don't know.    Ivan  Wow, you really-    John  I di- I didn't have a lot of faith in any of them, really,    Ivan  nah.    John  er, I mean, I -- I didn't really know what was the perfect choice.    Ivan  No, they're, ah, I can't ever remember a perfect choice and I've been voting since,  uh, Nixon McGovern, uh, so    John  Right.    Ivan  I, uh,  I'd- I've never -- ever seen a perfect candidate.    John  Right.    Ivan  But that's    John  Yeah.    Ivan  th- that's to be expected, I mean, you know, they're all human beings.    John  Can't please everybody.    Ivan  Yeah.  Yep.  And, uh, as far as what I thought of the various candidates,  uh,  you know, I guess we -- said what we said about Bush, but, uh,  Kerry, I don't know, it's just that -- -coast,  uh, kind of persona or image,  -t, uh, I -- don't care for, for one thing.    John  Uh-huh.    Ivan  From Massachusetts i- -- -candidate.    John  Right.    Ivan  And, uh,  Cheney -- which he's kind of out your way, uh, Wyoming.    John  Uh-huh.    Ivan  Uh,  uh, he's kind of a non-descript person, as far as, like I I'm sure he's he's probably a nice guy, and -- a lot of fun at a party probably, I don't know, but,  you know,  just from -- what you see of him, he's just kind of -- kind of like an old grandpa, you know.    John  Yeah, he's real grouchy.    Ivan  Yeah, he just    John  In those debates he was like a pitbull.    Ivan  Yeah, yeah.    John  You know, he would c- him and, uh,  I mean, uh,  I don't know, he he kind of picked apart Edwards    Ivan  Mhm.    John  and, um,  but then -- Edwards fought back kind of -- you know and then all the stuff you hear about Edwards too, about the, uh,  how he's a trial lawyer and how he made all his millions -- suing insurance companies and, um, you know, there- there's -- bad stuff you hear about both of them that, you know, obviously they want to tell you    Ivan  Yeah.  Yeah.    John  that I didn't like.  And, I guess I didn't really like that, uh,  uh, Kerry was, like, changing his story all the time, like, oh, I- -- I believe in this but,  uh, no I don't but yes I do and,    Ivan  Yeah.    John  you know.  I'm kind of a cut and dry kind of a guy.    Ivan  Yeah.    John  If you got an opinion I'd rather just want you to tell me straight up and not    Ivan  Yeah.    John  try to beat around the bush to -- get my vote or something like that.    Ivan  Yeah, yeah.  Yeah, I guess to a certain degree they -- they,  uh, I guess try to play to the middle and try to -- please as many people as they can but Kerry was just all over the map.    John  Right.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29526.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.4 sec].
     prompt  9. Elections Did you vote in the recent US Presidential election? What did you think of the two candidates, George Bush and John Kerry? What about the Vice Presidential candidates, Dick Cheney and John Edwards?  What issues were most important to you in deciding who to vote for?  If you didn't vote, why not?    Marco  Hello, it's Marco from Illinois.    Derek  Hello, this is Derek from Austin, Texas.    Marco  Oh.  Dan, did you say?    Derek  Derek.    Marco  Derek.    Derek  Yeah.    Marco  Hi, nice to meet you.    Derek  Yeah, you too.    Marco  Um    Derek  How's it going?    Marco  Good, good.  So, uh the election, um -- the, um -- let's see, overall I felt -- ju- just give you a brief -- summary, I felt -- that -- John Kerry and Edwards were were pretty strong candidates and -- uh -- mm, I don't know, I guess just in terms of policy I didn't -- I didn't, uh, find -- that as compelling as just -- the personality of -- the different candidates.    Derek  Yeah.    Marco  felt like I could trust Kerry -- uh, little bit more even though he was much more of a politician than Bush.    Derek  Mhm.  Mhm.    Marco  Uh, he was -- kind of a smooth talker and    Derek  Mhm.    Marco  Um -- uh -- seems like a politician, they way he presented    Derek  Mhm.    Marco  his you know his his um argument.  But -- uh -- strangely I felt like that what, that was -- one of -- one of his good qualities because I didn't feel Bush was politician enough.  That um -- one of the -- issues that I was concerned about was just -- the representation of the United States and -- on the international stage    Derek  Sure.    Marco  and I just -- uh -- I uh -- I don't know, uh, Bush is -- the way he presents um -- the ~US position -- uh -- seemed a little -- abrasive to me.    Derek  Mhm.    Marco  And I -- felt like, hm -- if we're trying to, um -- make -- um -- the United States safer and more stable -- conflict in the world more stable then we probably need somebody -- who is a little bit more -- of a politician in the sense that -- the, they care about diplomacy and -- uh, even though we may not -- give in to -- the will of the other nations present it in a nicer way.    Derek  Mhm.    Marco  Yeah, it seems ((I make)) kind of simplistic, but -- that was -- an important thing for me.  Uh    Derek  Yeah.    Marco  Yeah.    Derek  Um -- I was a little different. I I I agree with everything you said.  I just, um -- I come from a little different background as far as being -- I was never into politics and now I I actually have gotten into God much more and and, you know, searching spirituality out.    Marco  Uh huh.    Derek  Generally people like that are conservative, you know,    Marco  Yeah.    Derek  uh, with their views because of different things like abortion and, and, uh, pro-life and -- all that kind of thing so I came form that background    Marco  Uh huh.    Derek  eh, but that was just an added bonus for me in the fact that -- I too was obviously at this point in time concerned about the welfare of our security -- and I felt personally that if -- Kerry was in office we'd kind of be, uh -- up a creek without a paddle because I think -- he is so laid back -- um, and not as aggressive as Bush that at this point in the game, where we're at -- we're in this thing full full -- steam ahead    Marco  Uh huh.    Derek  and for a transition to occur at this point -- to someone who is laid back -- and not as aggressive as him I think would actually endanger the ~US even more.    Marco  Yeah.    Derek  I think that the international, uh uh, leaders would look at Kerry and know, they're very smart, I mean they're -- they're on top of these things, they know, you know, it would , it just would have opened a gateway.    Marco  Uh huh.    Derek  I feel    Marco  Yeah.    Derek  that, uh, it may have actually put us in more danger. At least Bush has -- pulled out the gun, you know, stick to them, and um -- you know, that's where I was coming from on that.    Marco  Yeah.    Derek  And then when I    Marco  ((Do you think))    Derek  I listen to a lot of talk radio and when I heard the stuff about Kerry back in the -- the the, apparently the scandals he's pulled as far as the uh, medals when he served time.    Marco  Uh huh.    Derek  You know, uh -- I listen to a lot of talk radio and spoke with, you know, heard from a lot of, uh -- veterans -- and they said it was physically, uh, impossible for him to achieve what he said he did.    Marco  Uh huh.  Uh huh.    Derek  And all the meetings he's missing, and just, you know, I think it's more of a status quo for him.    Marco  Yeah.    Derek  I think he's more, he got so much money that I think he was just concerned with attaining this position and a title.    Marco  Yeah.    Derek  you know ((flag)) for him, so    Marco  Do you think, um -- the -- when the Republicans are campaigning -- they were saying that well, another attack on the U.S. is -- imminent, that it probably -- probably going to happen -- and -- um -- and -- they even went so far to say that if -- it's really difficult to prevent something like this and of course they're doing the best they can and -- I think Kerry would do the best he could.  But do you think, um -- that -- and this isn't quite a political issue, but do you think that -- there's going to be another attack on the ~US?  Uh like in the next five years? Something big like -- the world (())    Derek  I, I don't know what your beliefs are, as far as, uh -- biblically or spiritually or whatever, but -- I believe it's inevitable. I mean, we're going down, you know? And, yeah, and this is, all these things have been written about actually.    Marco  Really?    Derek  Um -- The tw- the uh -- what is it, the towers, uh -- that was actually uh there's references to that in the bible.    Marco  Yeah, I've heard, I've heard about that.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29581_1.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.4 sec].
     prompt  10. Death of Arafat (2) PLO leader PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week, after a lot of controversy surrounding his illness and death.  What do you think caused his illness, and could it have been something malicious (like poisoning)?  What do you think of Israel's policies surrounding Arafat's illness and death?  Should President Bush or a senior US official have attended Arafat's funeral? Should Israel have let Arafat be buried in Jerusalem?    Ed  Hello, this is Ed.    James  Uh,  Hi, yeah, this is James.    Ed  Hey, James.    James  How you doing?    Ed  Good.    James  Well,  what do you think?    Ed  I think I was on this one yesterday, same subject.    James  I, I believe I've talked about this subject once before too.    Ed  Uh,  Well, let's see, my past views were, uh -- illness-wise, ah -- I don't think -- it helped him, being in the compound.    James  Right.  Right.    Ed  But,  You're, you know, you're never going to know if there was any, ah, clandestine-type operation that -- Aided his, ah -- ah,  illness.    James  Mhm.    Ed  I think that they, ah,  (( )), I don't think you're ever going to find out if there was any direct    James  Right.    Ed  tampering    James  Right.    Ed  but I don't, you know, from just the generic point, or general point of view, it didn't help his illness once he got -- sick -- being in the compound, closed in like that with the Arabs.    James  Right.  Right.    Ed  And that    James  I don't -- I don't know if I think there was something -- you know, malicious done, because, you know, looking back -- he's been had this shaking thing going on    Ed  Yeah.    James  for quite some time.  And I agree that the surroundings couldn't have helped.    Ed  Right.    James  Yeah, it, it could've only exacerbated, uh,  his situation.  Because for -- for a good little while now I've noticed, you know, that his lips would tremble, and    Ed  Yeah.    James  and, you know, it's like, um,  uh, almost like he had, uh, what is that, Parkinson's?    Ed  Yeah.    James  Uh, something like that, but, uh, I don't know what the exact conditions were -- in that compound, but they couldn't have been couldn't have been, ah, conducive to someone of his age -- and of his health -- and as far as, as, ah, the United States sending a senior ~US official, I think they should've sent someone -- I don't know how senior that person had to be.  But, uh,  it could've been a gesture    Ed  Well they did -- they did send somebody, I thought. Didn't they go with a senior official, I had    James  to    Ed  didn't think they were going to ask this question, but I    James  Oh y- yeah, you're right, they did send someone.    Ed  but it wasn't -- like, ah, wasn't Bush, I definitely wouldn't send him, I don't think you want to have him in that part of the world right now.    James  Right.  No.  No.  No, I don't think    Ed  Regardless of what you think about him, he's, ah    James  Yeah, I don't think he should have went -- as a matter of fact, I don't think any senior official should've went, I don't think -- Secretary of State Colin Powell should have went.  Uh, whoever they sent was, was good enough.    Ed  Yeah.    James  Yeah, was good enough, just to show -- the Palestinian people -- that, uh you know, America does care somewhat -- that you've lost your leader. But, uh, no,  it would've been -- it would've been a wro- as a matter of fact, I think sending Bush would have made it worse.  You know.  Uh, because he's not liked that much by the Palestinian people.  So I, I don't think sending him would've been -- would've been the right thing to do.    Ed  No, I agree with that.    James  Yeah, I don't think it would've added anything to -- to the situation. and possibly could've made it worse.    Ed  Yeah.    James  Yeah.    Ed  As to -- his burial    James  Mhm.    Ed  ah,  Not anymore, these are all, uh like these are all political responses    James  Huh.  Right.    Ed  you know, there is no right answer, considering that that is not    James  Mhm.    Ed  you know, they're still arguing over -- that land, and is it, ah    James  Yeah.    Ed  who owns it and respect, so I mean it's    James  Mhm.  I'd say my overall opinion is that -- this conflict is way past that time.    Ed  Yeah, well,    James  You know, it's been going on for all these many -- what,    Ed  Hundreds.    James  hundreds of years -- and a lot of people have lost their lives, and and a lot of kids have grown up and all they've ever known -- on both sides Israeli and Palestinian, all they've ever known is war.  And it's just tiresome.  I mean, that's, that's my, my view, this thing has gone so long -- like you said, about a piece of land.  And it's just, you know, They, they, they got to learn at some point -- that they're going to have to be able to get along.  Or this is just going to keep going around, and around, and around,  and, you know, the the -- the Palestinians will, will, will -- will -- will do something, then Israel will respond, and then back and forth -- and it's just like a never ending circle.    Ed  Oh yeah.    James  It's like a never ending circle of violence and death and destruction. And, like I said, I'm personally just tired of it.  I think the world is just tired of it.    Ed  Oh yeah.    James  You know.  And they need to try and, try and, I, I mean, I don't have the answer.  You know, I don't have all the answers.  I just know that it is just -- just an ongoing situation that is- there seems to be -- no end in sight.    Ed  I agree.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29586.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.4 sec].
     prompt  10. Death of Arafat (2) PLO leader PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week, after a lot of controversy surrounding his illness and death.  What do you think caused his illness, and could it have been something malicious (like poisoning)?  What do you think of Israel's policies surrounding Arafat's illness and death?  Should President Bush or a senior US official have attended Arafat's funeral? Should Israel have let Arafat be buried in Jerusalem?    Paul  Hi, I'm Paul. I'm in Delaware.    Mike  Hi, this is Mike. I'm in California.    Paul  Nice to meet you, Mike.    Mike  Yeah, nice to meet you.    Paul  Uh,  well,  pretty complicated -- topic.    Mike  Yeah, interesting issue.  I don't know. What do you think? You think it was poison?    Paul  Well -- ((smoosh)) no, I I heard that just a couple of days ago and -- I I kind of doubt it or at least I hope not. I guess that's what it is.    Mike  Yeah, I don't think he was poisoned.  I think he was just fr- frail and I think he'd been uh, he'd been looking frail and he was shaky.    Paul  Yeah.    Mike  You know, he'd been looking h- like he was shaking and, uh,  seeming frail.  For some time when I'd see him in public, uh,    Paul  Yeah, that's true.    Mike  presentation -- so forth.    Paul  Right.    Mike  And I think it whatever it was, it got him, just caught up with him and and he reached the you know, the end of his time.    Paul  Yeah.    Mike  So,  that's about it on that, I guess.    Paul  Yeah.  Well, I I guess now that that he's he's died -- it'll be, uh,  or it it should be a change for the ~PLO    Mike  Well, yeah, it'll be change. I I don't know if it'll move forward any better -- but, uh, this, uh,  I've heard our administration thinks it will. I think he was a block to the peace -- but I think it's not only his doing, it's also the -- you know, the, uh, more, uh, drastic elements of the ~PLO that, uh,  that, uh, wouldn't allow him to pursue peace    Paul  Right.    Mike  at any cost.    Paul  Well, I'm -- I'm -- I don't know, uh.  He he seems like a guy who is much more comfortable -- being under siege than in negotiating peace settlements.    Mike  Uh-huh.    Paul  Um, I    Mike  Yeah.    Paul  maybe that    Mike  Well, you know, he was kind of damned if he did and damned if he didn't.    Paul  Yeah.  Well    Mike  You know, if he if he made peace he had factions of his own people that would've killed him -- and if he didn't make peace, eh, then he's considered, you know, the the warmongering, uh, man who won't make peace, you know.  So, he, uh, he couldn't really win. I don't think he could make peace.  I don't know if anyone else can, either.    Paul  Yeah, I guess that's the big question, if someone moderate takes over and they reach a settlement,  does that mean the ~PLO will split?  I mean that -- that could be just -- dangerous.    Mike  Yeah.    Paul  I guess, uh, making peace with half of the Palestinians is better than nothing.    Mike  One of the other questions it asked us was, did we think our president and our, uh, you know, officials should've attended his funeral.    Paul  ((Oh, I b-))    Mike  What do you think about that?    Paul  Yeah.  Well, I I don't remember who they sent, but they did send over some very -- low level state department person    Mike  Oh, I see.    Paul  and, uh,    Mike  I didn't know that.    Paul  I I -- I was kind of embarrassed about that.    Mike  That we did or d- that we did not send our officials.    Paul  I mean -- We -- we did,  but i- it was some -- it was a nobody, basically.    Mike  So you were embarrassed because you thought they should've sent someone higher up?    Paul  Yeah.    Mike  Oh, I see.    Paul  I I -- I mean, for for the funeral ceremony in,  uh, Egypt.  ((I mean))    Mike  Yeah, I think so, too. I think they should've sent someone higher up.    Paul  And, uh, I I can understand that they wouldn't want to send anybody    Mike  ((that he)) -- Don't forget this was the this was the representative of a whole people, you know what I mean?    Paul  Yeah.    Mike  The past he was their main representative and, uh, just out of respect for the people we should've sent someone I think.    Paul  Hm.  Bad bad or good.  Yeah, I think it would've been a much more positive message.    Mike  Yeah.    Paul  ((We realized that))    Mike  I think it would've, uh, you know, been a -- a step toward, um, you know, gaining the, uh,  I don't know, the respect and and the, um,    Paul  Right.  Yeah, I think that    Mike  uh, th- of the people that we're going to have to be working with to try to bring about a peace, you know.    Paul  that ((yeah,)) it -- Yeah.    Mike  And, uh,  it would've -- gone an- a little farther to encourage them to, you know, be willing to sit down at the table with us, at least, you know.    Paul  That's true.    Mike  And, I mean not that it would've even been noticed -- in that regard had he -- had had our president or someone higher gone, but the fact that they didn't, that's what's really going to be noticed, you know what I mean?    Paul  Yeah.  Well, uh, you know,  Colin Powell is a -- pretty moderate guy and would've been nice to see him there or maybe -- the, uh,  Deputy -- Secret of State.    Mike  Uh-huh.    Paul  I'm not even sure who that is.  Eh,  somebody will -- or higher up.    Mike  Yeah, someone m- a little more, uh    Paul  Some flunky bureaucrat.    Mike  yeah.  Yeah, it didn't seem quite appropriate.    Paul  But, uh, at at least for the ceremony in Egypt I think, uh,  I can understand that no one would want to go into -- Palestinian territory. I mean,  they it was total chaos there.    Mike  Uh-huh.  Sure.  Yeah.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29592.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.6 sec].
     prompt  10. Death of Arafat (2) PLO leader PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week, after a lot of controversy surrounding his illness and death.  What do you think caused his illness, and could it have been something malicious (like poisoning)?  What do you think of Israel's policies surrounding Arafat's illness and death?  Should President Bush or a senior US official have attended Arafat's funeral? Should Israel have let Arafat be buried in Jerusalem?    Marco  Hello, th- I'm Marco from Illinois.    Mike  Hi, I'm Mike from New Jersey.    Marco  New Jersey. How are you doing, Mike?    Mike  Pretty good. How's it going?    Marco  Pretty good.  Pretty good.    Mike  So- so what do you think?    Marco  Well, I'm think-    Mike  How about you start.    Marco  Yeah, okay, um, ((lot of question)) -- and, um,  I- I don't think it was poisoning, even though I haven't read -- a lot of articles about it. I think-    Mike  He- he was old. I mean-    Marco  Y- he was old, yeah.  And- -- and that- I- I didn't realize he wasn't allowed to be buried in Jerusalem, which-    Mike  Yeah, but a lot of that has to do with things that he's done.    Marco  Yeah.    Mike  He's- I mean, like, you know, let's- i- -- for- for all he did in his later years, eh, Yasser Arafat was responsible for -- a good chunk of al- you know, a lot of -- Israeli dying -- i- you know.  He basically, eh, i- I'm completely torn on the whole thing. I mean, on one hand -- I think it was kind of wrong that -- that -- you know, the ~UN just kind of went in and said, hey, you know, guess what?  You know, we're- we're you know, this is Israel now, state of Israel.  And basically what they did was they carved up the region and- -- without any regard to, you know, tribal -- animosity really, is really what it boils down to,    Marco  Uh-huh.  Uh-huh.    Mike  um.  You know, then it th- it was there,  he had to try to maintain the status quo -- but they bred -- people like Yasser Arafat, I mean,  if it -- if it wasn't for the stupidity of the United Nations,  people like Yasser Yara- Arafat w- probably would've never even gotten off the ground,  you know.    Marco  How how did the United Nations, uh,  Arafat in power, or help?    Mike  Well, in other words eh, in other -- when -- after World War Two when they when -- basically the state of Israel was formed    Marco  Mhm.    Mike  in f- uh, nineteen forty eight, I think it was.    Marco  Yeah.    Mike  Um,  you know, you- e- -- granted, you know, there were there were Jewish people already living there,  but -- all the Jewish people started going there and they j- basically just- you know, they just took over.  And- and    Marco  Yeah.    Mike  in in a region where,  uh, you know,  y- you know, we live in America. It's like coup- you know, f- our country's a couple hundred years old, we got a couple of gripes going back to, you know, what, seventeen seventy six,    Marco  Yeah.    Mike  there it goes,  you know, thous- it's like the Hatfields and the McCoys. They're fi- they don't even know why they're fighting anymore. They just they hate each other -- and they're always going to hate each other -- and it doesn't matter who started it,  but -- i- you know, somebody eh, th- somebody's in always intent on winning.  And it's and it's it's you know,  a war of attrition. Nobody wins. It's either, you know,  you may kill me, but I'm going to kill all of you before- y- you know what I mean? It's just i- i- it's stupid. The whole thing's stupid. And a guy like Yasser Arafat,    Marco  Yeah.  Yeah.    Mike  he was a terrorist.  In in the sixties -- in the mid sixties an- and and a- you know, on into- -- you know, through the mid eighties -- the guy was a terrorist.    Marco  So, let us let us not forget that when Israel was -- formed -- and they were,  um,  the -- the Israelis for not feeling -- like they had a legitimate -- right -- some of the land or that -- land wasn't, um, rightfully theirs. There were -- two very strong -- militant groups that were Israeli and they -- committed a lot of terrorist acts,    Mike  Oh, the yeah, the Zionists. Abso- absolutely.    Marco  much -- Yeah.  So, I mean, i- -- you know,  uh, how we consider -- Arafat a terrorist,  we also should consider that -- could've been, in some ways, a reaction to some of the terrorism that was -- initially -- committed by the Israelis.    Mike  Absolutely. I'm not believe me, I'm not I'm not excusing -- anybody -- but for the purpose I I mean, the way I see it is you know, I guess for the purposes of the conversation th- -- that they want to hear,    Marco  Yeah.    Mike  y- you got to kind of have to put that as y- -- i- it's kind of like -- do if that's the case, do two wrongs really make a right?  You know what I mean?    Marco  But if Arafat hadn't been I don't know if he's -- directly -- been linked to Hamas' acts,  uh,  but he was put in a -- pretty -- sticky situation having to negotiate -- the militants of -- Palestine -- the international leaders -- and if it if Hara- Arafat hadn't -- somehow appeased -- the Hamas groups or the Palestinian militants,  then -- he would've been kicked out,  overthrown -- by- -- by the Palestinians.    Mike  Oh, forget about kicked out or overthrown, he would've been killed. That's-that's how it works over there.    Marco  Yeah. Yeah.  Exactly.  Well, it it's not really Arafat -- as an individual, I think it's just -- whatever leader -- is -- placed in the position of-    Mike  He was he was basically -- I mean, I've read I've read articles an- and- and- and -- stories that basically have linked him to the to the to the Munich -- massacre -- th- you know, the Munich Olympic massacre th- the Is- the Israeli team. It- -- the the problem is -- what he did -- back way back when    Marco  Uh-huh.    Mike  will -- f- forever tarnish anything that he did -- in his later years. Like like you said, bringing the groups together but the reason that he was able to bring them together is because he was once one of them.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29601.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.6 sec].
     prompt  10. Death of Arafat (2) PLO leader PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week, after a lot of controversy surrounding his illness and death.  What do you think caused his illness, and could it have been something malicious (like poisoning)?  What do you think of Israel's policies surrounding Arafat's illness and death?  Should President Bush or a senior US official have attended Arafat's funeral? Should Israel have let Arafat be buried in Jerusalem?    James  Hello?    Joe  Hello, my name is Joe.    James  I'm James from Detroit.    Joe  Uh, from, uh, New Jersey, but I'm living in Atlanta now, going to college.    James  Oh, okay.    Joe  All right.    James  ((I'm sorry.))    Joe  So, uh, what do you think about Arafat?    James  Well -- I, uh, I don't think there was anything malicious, uh, in terms of his death -- uh, just looking at him these last, uh, couple of years uh, it seems like he had Alzheimer's or something.    Joe  Yeah, he has been getting older.    James  Yeah, because he was quivering at the mouth and and hands were shaking.  And -- I would imagine that living in that compound couldn't have been that conducive to his health.    Joe  Yeah, he probably should have been in a hospital or a hospice or    James  Right.    Joe  you know, if it was that bad.    James  Right.  Right, I'm sure that they, I don't know about, bout -- the uh sanitary conditions there, but -- I I just don't think it could have been, uh, conducive to his health.  And as far as, uh, Israel, uh, allowing -- him to be buried -- uh, in Jerusalem    Joe  That's accept    James  huh?    Joe  That's acceptable to me. I mean    James  Well, it, it's acceptable to me, but I don't think it was feasible.    Joe  feasible    James  Yeah, given the circumstance in that area right now.  I don't even know if they would have been able to pull it off,  you know?    Joe  Well, uh, so he, in fact he wasn't    James  Pardon me?    Joe  so, um -- no, so he wasn't buried in Jerusalem.    James  No.  No, they buried him -- uh, inside that compound.    Joe  Oh, I see.    James  Yeah, they buried him inside that compound.  But like you say, I don't, I don't -- I personally -- uh -- wouldn't have seen a problem with it, but -- I just don't think it was feasible. I don't, I don't think that they would have been -- uh, secure enough to really do it.  I don't think either side would have really -- let it happen -- and -- and as far as a senior U.S. official going, I don't think that would have been necessary either. Um, I know President Bush shouldn't have went -- and he wasn't going.    Joe  Well, I kind of feel, I kind of feel another way. I think a senior U.S. service in there, should have been there, because I mean -- he, Arafat's been -- been the one coming to all these peace talks, you know, with President Clinton and, you know, other    James  Mhm.    Joe  other um -- litigations towards that.    James  Mhm.    Joe  You know, I think, I think we could have just showed our face and said you know, yeah, we do recognize this man.    James  Mhm.  Well it, they sent someone.  I don't know who it was -- ((It wasn't))    Joe  It probably, it wasn't anybody important. It was just like a    James  Yeah it was an under secretary, there's no doubt about it. There was no senior    Joe     James  there was no senior U.S. official there.  There's there's no question about that.    Joe  Yeah.    James  But, uh -- you know, uh, Bush's policy -- towards, uh, Yasser Arafat has been hands off    Joe  Yeah.    James  from from the beginning cause I don't, I don't think he ever even met with him. Did he?    Joe  I don't think so. I don't think so.    James  Yeah, I I    Joe  Bush is kind of like, staying away from the whole Israel -- Palestinian    James  Mhm.  Now on his part I think that was a mistake.    Joe  Yeah.    James  Yeah, you know you got to engage people in some type of dialogue    Joe  And    James  if you    Joe  to me, the talk, the peace talks should have continued -- after Clinton's administration left.    James  True.    Joe  Cause at the cause at the end Clinton was doing all this peace talk with Arafat and, um    James  True.  Mhm.    Joe  ((forget)) the um, prime minister in Israel, but he was talking to him.    James  Uh, Sharon.    Joe  Sharon, yeah.    James  Yeah.  Mhm.    Joe  They were doing all these talks in Camp David and and it should have just continued when Br- Bush came into office.    James  You're absolutely right. I agree. Like I said, I think that was one of Bush's biggest mistakes,    Joe  Mhm.    James  not continuing -- the talks.  Because Clinton had came so very close    Joe  Yes.    James  to to maybe getting some type of agreement    Joe  No.    James  but, uh, Bush just took a hands off approach. He just -- kind of took a hands off approach.    Joe  And now the situation in, you know, Jerusalem and the West Bank is just -- escalated.    James  Absolutely.  And I think too -- Israel's -- position toward Arafat -- in terms of keeping him sort of like -- uh -- surrounded in that compound -- I don't think that was a good idea.    Joe  No.    James  You know, because that, you can't pick a leader for a people.  Whether you like them or not -- people get to choose who they want to follow,    Joe  Exactly.    James  and the Palestinians had made it clear -- that Arafat was their leader.    Joe  Exactly.    James  So, I think that they, we should have found a way -- Israel should have found a way -- to -- keep some type of dialogue -- going along.  Cause uh, I mean, you look at what's going on now.    Joe  Mhm.    James  I mean, their policy toward him didn't get them anything.  And then you got suicide bombing on the one side, and then you got Israel -- you know, it's like one day, you'll he- a bomb will go off, the next day Israel will do and air strike and -- you know, it's like going around in a circle.    Joe  Yeah.    James  It's like going around in a circle.    Joe  It's really a bad situation.    James  It is.  It is, and it's, it's been so long -- going on, I mean, you're talking about something that's been going on historically for hundreds of years.    Joe  Hundreds of years and then, it just recently really come into spectrum,    James  Mhm.    Joe  what, nineteen forty nine?    James  Mhm.  Mhm.    Joe  When um -- the Israel state -- came into being, or whatever.    James  Right.  Right.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29622.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.5 sec].
     prompt  11. Holiday Traditions: The holiday season is right around the corner. Who do you like to celebrate with during the holidays? Do you go to a lot of parties with friends, neighbors, co-workers or family members? Are there people you see during the holidays that you don't see during the rest of the year? Do you travel to meet up with family or friends during the holidays? Where do you go and who do you visit?    Ed  Hi this is Ed.  good. how are you doing Jane?  if you hear noise in the background, I'm enjoying the holiday season walking in New York City, so    Jane  Oh, okay.    Ed  ((city)) -- ((trusts of life)) -- crazy people and, uh, other things going on but that's New York, what can you say.    Jane  Yeah yeah yeah.  Used to live in New York. My brother-in-law still lives in the city but we were Long Island people.    Ed  Yeah.  Uh,  so what are you doing for the festive holidays.    Jane  You know, it's really bad because I still really don't know. I'm up in the air with about six different clients trying to decide what we're going to do.    Ed  ((Allan)) -- Well, that's not bad. That means that you've got a lot of people to see and do things with. That's good.    Jane  Yeah, makes it kind of hectic. How about you? What are you doing?    Ed  Ah, family.    Jane  Ach.    Ed  Yeah. Yeah, we're going to be doing, uh,  the typical.  Go up and celebrate with the family and -- be with the little kids.  You know, the ((tough years)) and that which makes it -- because when you get older it's kind of,  I've got all the gifts, I don't need that. What I really want to do is see somebody else enjoy it and the little kids enjoy it.  So- -- and, uh, do a lot of parties with family -- and friends.    Jane  Well, that's kind of where- we're in between which family we're going to see and when and how and get all that worked out.    Ed  Uh,    Jane     Ed  so whoev- yeah, I've seen them- -- just not the gifts it comes down to the food. See, now you (()).    Jane  There you go.  I- one of these choices is meat cooking. We'll have to put that towards the end.    Ed  ((Ah, oui.)) -- Eh, ((nice)).  So we- we've only-    Jane     Ed  my family's, uh,  parents are deceased and most of ((them)) is, uh, passed my brothers all over, so her family's still younger -- and, uh, you know, just the odd sides. She's the oldest and I'm the youngest, so she's got younger which -- keeps the thing going, so I- -- you know, my view is -- ((stay)) with the family go visit the family. That's all you got.  So -- keep it together through thick and thin and -- when it comes to Thanksgiving we go up there and we celebrate.  And then there's little parties.  Big- uh, her sister does a big family party -- but try to keep that same    Jane     Ed  local family coming together.  It's amazing how they can get into little squabbles and who doesn't show up    Jane  Of course.    Ed  like that. I think it's crazy.  So, ((so, uh))-    Jane  They used to always really all get together. but his parents uh they actually live next door to us. but they're starting to get up in the years, so they're not,  you know, hosting the big parties, so it's funny how now people don't all bother to come    Ed  Yeah.    Jane  and you kind of wonder you know in the next couple of years what's all going to happen. Are they all going to see each other.    Ed  Yeah, no that's- that's exactly. I've already seen,  you know, ((in)) my parents ((' bed)) until they ((got)) less and less that the brothers got together -- and then now when there's an event you try to do it.  At Christmas it's just impossible because we leave -- two days after Christmas    Jane  Mhm.    Ed  to go out of the country as part of our New Year's    Jane     Ed  celebration. So, for us it's, you know, got to be a quick trip up    Jane     Ed  to her family and then back where we- -- we've been invited to be down in    Jane     Ed  another country. If a person is not- even though it's cold up in the Northeast, it's a family tradition. I should do it -- and less for the gifts and more for    Jane     Ed  being together.  Yeah.    Jane  Well, we did- -- -for the kids you know we made it pretty cl-    Ed  I don't know, I think that's great.    Jane  -you know, you didn't have all the hassle of running around and being crazy and just kind of spent time together    Ed  And I think that's very- I mean, if-    Jane  and it was really pretty nice.    Ed  Yeah, we haven't- -- yeah, I think -- e- e- eventually that may happen, the way we're going with, uh,    Jane     Ed  my wife and I with her    Jane     Ed  family. Not as a negative but as a-    Jane     Ed  you know, we do a lot of traveling so that's going to be- I think that's going to come up.    Jane     Ed  But- -- but for now we're still trying to do-    Jane     Ed  as long as the mother's around,  we'll still do Christmas and act as-    Jane     Ed  she is not really old, but she's getting older, so I think that's one reason to stay together    Jane     Ed  and also I think i- is    Jane     Ed  eh, we- we kind of -- infused a little family party that her sister has so -- I think if we were to go away both of those might fall off a little bit and it doesn't take but one year and then all of the sudden everybody's    Jane  Yeah.    Ed  not coming to it anymore and it's like a-    Jane  That's it. That's the way it is.    Ed  Yeah, but not because-    Jane  If I'm no-    Ed  it is- -- I- I enjoy the -- smiling people and the festive- -- festive nature and -- I think it does get a little commercialized. ((It's not that the-)) -- You can ignore that part of it, I guess.    .
Following exception caught during parsing:
java.lang.UnsupportedOperationException: Sentence too long: length 124
	at edu.stanford.nlp.parser.lexparser.LexicalizedParser.parse(LexicalizedParser.java:365)
	at edu.stanford.nlp.parser.lexparser.LexicalizedParser.apply(LexicalizedParser.java:276)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.parsingAce(ExtractSynInfo.java:97)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.process(ExtractSynInfo.java:62)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.<init>(ExtractSynInfo.java:34)
	at aceProcessor.ExtractSynInfo.main(ExtractSynInfo.java:127)
Recovering using fall through strategy: will construct an (X ...) tree.
sgm file name: fsh_29630.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.5 sec].
     prompt  11. Holiday Traditions: The holiday season is right around the corner. Who do you like to celebrate with during the holidays? Do you go to a lot of parties with friends, neighbors, co-workers or family members? Are there people you see during the holidays that you don't see during the rest of the year? Do you travel to meet up with family or friends during the holidays? Where do you go and who do you visit?    Ryan  Hello, my name's Ryan.    Deirdre  Ryan,    Ryan  Mhm.    Deirdre  my name is Deirdre.    Ryan  Hi, Deirdre.    Deirdre  So, what do you do for the holidays? Do you celebrate the holidays? Is it religious for you, or just the holiday season?    Ryan  It's religious for us.  Um, Christmas,  not Hanukkah or anything like that.    Deirdre  Uh-huh, so yo- you have a church service?    Ryan  Um, actually, usually we're out of town so we don't attend our church.    Deirdre  So you go with, um,  family, friends?    Ryan  Family, yeah.    Deirdre  Family?    Ryan  It's almost always my grandma.    Deirdre  Your gran- you go to your grandma's house.    Ryan  Mhm.    Deirdre  Yeah, that's what we do.  Every year,  uh, but I don't always attend. Uh, my family -- celebrates the sun shining. They're always together. So, uh, it's not particularly special at Christmas -- because they see each other every other weekend.  But, still,  uh, they go to, uh, grandmother's -- every Christmas.  A particular person's house every holiday season.  You know, whether it's Christmas or -- Thanksgiving or Mother's Day or Easter,  it just alternates it- you know, each- uh, a particular person's house is- is how they do it.    Ryan  Oh.    Deirdre  I just don't always attend. Just- -- I don't know, it's- -- there's just so much of my family I can take during one year, you know, but-    Ryan  Well, um, since they see each other so much, is there anything that does make it special?    Deirdre  Well,  I guess they seem to think it's just special because -- everyone comes. I- I- it's- -- it's just,  I don't know, old. Y- you know, it's- it's not- -- it's not special to me because they do it all the time. You know, special would make it,  I only see you once a year.  It's just not- it's just not special if I see you every other month.    Ryan  Yeah.    Deirdre  You know, it's just not. I mean, you know, not like, you're seeing your mother -- or your sister, maybe your brothers, you know, you- you might- you may see them all the time,  but when you see your aunts and uncles and all your cousins -- all the time,  where's the break here? But, you know, they like- I don't particularly care for it, but they like it.  I did attend Thanksgiving and    Ryan  Huh.    Deirdre  that was nice.  Um,  uh, it was- it was a good day.  Uh, but, you know, we- we -- spend all day together.  It's not like you just go and eat dinner a couple of hours and go home.  You go and you stay twelve hours -- because most of my relatives live within thirty minutes of each other,    Ryan  ((Ye-))    Deirdre  so it's easy.    Ryan  Oh, wow.    Deirdre  Yeah.  It's easy just to go to someone's house.    Ryan  Well, sounds a lot like my mom's side of the family because they're all in one city except for    Deirdre  And-    Ryan  except for her and, uh,  us.    Deirdre  Well, would you rather be with everyone else or do you like it -- away.    Ryan  I think I would rather be, but then again -- I talk to my cousin and I'm always asking her how my other cousins are doing and -- she hardly knows because she has- hardly sees them every day.    Deirdre  Oh.    Ryan  So I don't think it'd make a big difference.    Deirdre  For you, yeah, well.  I don't ((see them or-)) you know, by choice and, you know, relatives -- are particular people, you know, but not particular, peculiar people, let's put it that way.  It's just -- funny to me who you end up with, you know,    Ryan  Yeah.    Deirdre  as your relative, you know. You think, eh, you are my rela- you got to be kidding me. Wh- -- what happened here but, uh, it's fun, uh. Now, I'm not so big on Christi- I mean, I was- I was raised Christian,  uh, but, uh,  and I didn't put too much, you know, in my house with my kids -- but my daught-, she's just -- you know, she get's into it. She's really sentimental. She's gets into the holiday spirit and wants every light, you know, in the city on our house and,  you know, tree in her room, that kind of thing.    Ryan  Yeah.    Deirdre  You know, I- I indulge her, you know.  But I don't really get too much into it. You know, the- -- all the, um,  trimmings, I suppose,  of the holiday season.  Uh, but I like, you know, gift giving and -- just, uh, sharing things and just having fun. Just,  uh,  just don't over do it. But I would prefer, though, um,  a service, a spiritual service -- to uh, family's just always together, they're always together. Now if there was a spiritual service then, yeah, see that would be really special to me.  If everybody- now wh- eh, eh, now years ago, and of course I'm not giving away my age but trust me, I'm older,    Ryan  Yeah.    Deirdre  eh, I used to, um,  celebrate it with my grandmother -- and we'd always have a midnight service at church.  Now, I enjoyed that.  Gosh that was so many years a-    Ryan  Wow, a midnight service, like, um, Christmas Eve?    Deirdre  Yeah. Yeah.    Ryan  Wow.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29770.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.5 sec].
     prompt  11. Holiday Traditions: The holiday season is right around the corner. Who do you like to celebrate with during the holidays? Do you go to a lot of parties with friends, neighbors, co-workers or family members? Are there people you see during the holidays that you don't see during the rest of the year? Do you travel to meet up with family or friends during the holidays? Where do you go and who do you visit?    Carrie  Hello.    Mildred  Hi.    Carrie  My name's Carrie.    Mildred  Hi, I'm Mildred from West Virginia.    Carrie  Well, I'm in Alabama. I've been-    Mildred  You're in Alabama.    Carrie  I've been to your lovely state once before, down in the hollers. Yeah, a long time ago.    Mildred  Oh, have you?  I have two sisters that lived in Alabama.    Carrie  Well, isn't it a small world.    Mildred  Yeah, it is. One's in Pell City, one's in Birmingham.    Carrie  So.  Well, I know where they're at, but I'm not very close to that.    Mildred  Oh, you're not?    Carrie  No, I'm in the northern part of the state.    Mildred  Oh.  Oh.    Carrie  Do you all have a big Christmas at your house?    Mildred  No, not really.    Carrie  Yeah.    Mildred  We-    Carrie  Kind of quiet.    Mildred  we go to my niece's house and    Carrie  Yeah.    Mildred  she cooks for us. I used to do that and now she's took over, which I'm so happy.  Uh, yeah quite a few. My kids, uh, kids and their kids come, all but one of them.    Carrie  Yeah.  Yeah.    Mildred  My son goes to his in-laws, but my two girls will come and    Carrie  Mhm.  Right.    Mildred  and then some of my sisters. I have a sister in Ohio, she usually comes in.    Carrie  Yeah, you all are spread out.    Mildred  Yeah. Yeah, we are.    Carrie  Mm. When?    Mildred  W- -- well, there was, uh,  seven of us, er, eight of us.    Carrie     Mildred  Six of them was -- seven of them was girls, counting me. I only had one brother.    Carrie  Oh my.  Mm mm mm.    Mildred  So, they are spread out.    Carrie  Mm mm. Well, we -- Christmas Eve is the big day for- -- -but not Christmas Eve because we always got together on Christmas Eve. When I was little, we lived in Wisconsin,    Mildred  Uh-huh.    Carrie  and then when we moved to Alabama there wasn't a lot of family close by.  -for the holiday and it's the only holiday that we actually all get together on.    Mildred  Uh-huh.    Carrie  -fourth of July, drop of a hat. So, I told him, I said, you know, if we can squeeze in running by Christmas Eve on the way to my parents', fine, but,    Mildred     Carrie  you know, that's it.  Anybody can come here Christmas day that wants to. You know, we don't -- my- my father-in-law-    Mildred  Ah.    Carrie  -and then if- -- if he won't, you know, eh, sometimes I cook a Christmas dinner, sometimes I don't. Just depends if my husband has to work or not, um, depends on what I'm going to do. Mm mm mm.    Mildred  Wha- eh, oh.  Well, there's a lot of us. So, we get together like-    Carrie  But- -- Yeah.  Right.    Mildred  -well, my sister usually comes in from Ohio because it's not that far like -- two hundred fifty miles or something, and she'll come in for Thanksgiving.    Carrie  Right.  Yeah.    Mildred  And we all eat together which is real nice.    Carrie  Well, that is go-- that's funny that you said that, two hundred and fifty miles not being far-    Mildred  Uh-huh.  Uh-huh.    Carrie  -and she's going to have to fly back to Wisconsin, um-    Mildred  Uh-huh.    Carrie  Mm mm mm.    Mildred  Eh, that's not too far to me.    Carrie  No.    Mildred  Well, like, Alabama from here, my sister's is about six hundred miles from me, the one down there. Now, that's a long ways to me.    Carrie  Mhm.  Yeah. Yeah, that is, uh.    Mildred  But, uh,  two hundred and fifty's not too bad.    Carrie  -I went to a place ca-- I want to say it was called Stump Town,    Mildred  Mhm.    Carrie  or something like that, but,    Mildred  Never heard of it.    Carrie  uh, it was a real small place. It- they w- had to go up there about some natural gas rights or something like that.    Mildred  Uh.  Oh.    Carrie  But-    Mildred  You was in the country    Carrie  Yeah. Yeah, you had to cross a little walking, swinging bridge to get to this man's house, you know. I didn't like that part.    Mildred  Oh.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29782_2.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.5 sec].
     prompt  13. War in Iraq The US is currently engaged in major fighting in Fallujah, Iraq.  Much of the country is unstable, but national elections are still scheduled to take place in Iraq in January. Do you think the US is doing the right thing in Iraq?  If not, what should we be doing intstead?  Do you think the elections scheduled for January will take place, and if not, then what?    A  I agree. I agree with that. Do- do you know of anybody who's over there at all right now?    B  Um, not right now, no. No.    A  I have -- my cousin's getting ready to go over there and it just, oh, it just makes me sick. It just --    B  Yeah. Well, I don't blame you. I -- like I said, you know, most of my family is    A  the whole thing.    B  military and, uh,  you know, it's funny because my husband was in the marines and he's all, you know,  well, you know, they're over there doing a duty. But my dad was in the army and he was in Vietnam war and he's like, this is crazy, you know. Bush is an idiot, you know.    A  Yep.    B  And, um,  I mean, I agree with my dad and, you know, if anybody should know it's someone that fought in a war, you know.    A  Exactly. Exactly, they would definitely know.  Well, you he- you hear these people saying that, I mean, that are in the mili- military you- you -- that it sa- you- some people who have come back home already and everything that they don't agree with the whole thing. I mean, it's -- that's- that's pretty --    B  And he- -- That's bad when, you know-    A  that's bad when they were there and were- and were living and they don't agree with it, you know.    B  Exactly. Exactly. Well, my dad said basically it's for the money. It was for the money.    A  Eh.    B  And and and to me, to let people die because so your friends    A  Yeah.    B  you know your politician friends and whoever other friends can make more money.  They're already rich. How much more money do they need?    A  Exact- they're -- greedy. Greedy greedy greedy.    B  You know- -- Yeah.  Yeah, I mean, and and here are these military guys giving their lives, and working hard every day through training and stuff even if there isn't a war,    A  Exactly.    B  and you're paying them piss -- because I don't know if you watch the news a lot, but,  uh, like, last summer they showed military people standing on lines for, like, getting food and stuff that they don't get paid enough -- to where-    A  Yeah, they said that there were some -- yeah, I s- I saw a story about that where they- where they're-    B  Yeah, it was, like, on twenty twenty or something.    A  yeah, they're- where they're coming home from the war and they -- yeah, they're- they're pretty much homeless and- and ha- they have nothing.    B  Yeah.  Yeah, so what the hell is going on? You know, you're sending these guys over there and you want them to be at peace of mind, you know, they- you want them to be able to fight, you know,    A  That's- -- Eh, yeah.    B  and to be able to save their lives and they're worried about their families. You know, that's just --    A  Yeah, and they c- the come home to nothing after g- all they've gone through they come home and they have nothing.    B  you can't do that.  Yeah.    A  That's just -- eh, that's just pathetic.    B  That's what -- you know, that's what people need to, you know, speak up about and nobody- nobody ever does. And- and it's like a, you know, I don't know if you remember, but it was like    A  Nobody does.  I know.    B  right -- a little bit right after the war started in Iraq there was a soldier that spoke out and he got reprimanded for it.    A  Yes, I do remember that. Yes, he got, um,  he- well, one, uh -- somebody, like, left didn't they? They just -- he was, like, one of the major-    B  Yeah, but this was another guy. He just -- he repri- you know, he- he just,    A  it was -- another guy.    B  uh, spoke out against the war publicly and he got reprimanded for it    A     B  and it's supposed to be a big no-no. But, you know what,  they have every right, you know. What happened to America?    A  Yeah, it's freedom of speech. I mean, we used to have to right to say what you-    B  Yeah, we're over there supposedly helping Iraq, and I don't think those people care either --    A  No, I don't think they-    B  I mean, uh, some of them do -- but then most of the idiots are the ones that are causing these problems. If it was -- -- if it -- if they thought that it was such a great thing,  then why aren't the people helping us? You know,    A  Exactly.    B  me as a person, if some- if someone came over and was helping me, me as a person whether I was in the military or not, I would be helping and I'd be going around saying, look idiots, stop bomb- you know, I jus-    A  Right.    B  uh, instead of -- it- it seems like every time they do a news report there is even the average m- Joe Schmo over there is complaining, you know.    A  E- exactly, and it- it just makes you wonder h- eh, what really is, I mean, what is it really like in there? Why aren't they -- why aren't they coming to er-    B  Yeah, and if they're not going to be grateful, then what the hell.    A  What the hell are we doing over there? Yeah, wh- they- why aren't they appreciating us a little more.    B  Yeah yeah yeah. Exactly, because they really don't. I mean, they look at us as -- the parties that are causing problems, look at us as we're very corrupt. You have to remember, religion-wise,    A  Yep.    B  how they are. What- they way we live is just -- totally against they're religion.    A  And that's, eh, they- the way they live is just so weird anyways, you know, it's just-    B  Yeah.  Yeah, but they think of us as weird. ((Hold on Jen.)) You know, so, you just, uh,    A  Exactly. I, uh-    B  everybody's got their own way of, you know, thinking and- and they don't want -- the biggest problem is- is -- we're pushing ourselves on them, you know.  They're not pushing their religion on us.    A  Exactly. Exactly.    B  You know, and so -- I- I guess -- I would have a problem if someone was shoving something down my throat, you know,  saying, this is how it should be.  And- and that's -- and that's how we're- we are. We're going over there, we're saying,  look, this is how we do it -- and, um, i- -- so we think everybody else should be that way.    A  D- do you know much about the -- what- what is the elections going on in January? Do you know what going- I-    B  I- I really hadn't paid attention. I know that it's supposed to go on. I know that,    A  I- -- -ther.    B  um,  one of the other countries, I can't think of the name, tried doing it and then it was a big -- they had a big -- problem because they said it was a,  um, that it- -- the guy shouldn't have won. I forget which country that was. Oh, Afghanistan did a    A  -ghanistan.    B  In ele- election, and they had a problem with who the leader was, and it    .
sgm file name: fsh_29783.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.6 sec].
     prompt  13. War in Iraq The US is currently engaged in major fighting in Fallujah, Iraq.  Much of the country is unstable, but national elections are still scheduled to take place in Iraq in January. Do you think the US is doing the right thing in Iraq?  If not, what should we be doing intstead?  Do you think the elections scheduled for January will take place, and if not, then what?    Joe  Yeah, hi, my name is Joe.    Tom  Hello?    Joe  Hello?    Tom  Okay, hang on just a sec, would you please.    Joe  Okay.    Tom  Okay.  I had to put my hearing aid on.    Joe  -kay.  Oh, okay.    Tom  So, uh, I just talked to someone yesterday about the problems in Iraq.    Joe  Oh, you did? Oh, okay. I didn't --    Tom  Oh.    Joe  I didn't get a call yesterday -- but, um, my- my name is Joe and what- what is your name?    Tom  I'm Tom.    Joe  Tom, okay. Where are you from?    Tom  Uh, Pocatello, Idaho.    Joe  Idaho, oh, okay. C- I'm in Connecticut.    Tom  Mhm.  Say again?    Joe  I said, I'm in Connecticut.    Tom  Oh.    Joe  ((T- I have a))    Tom  Got a -- I've got a son close to there, eh, Philadelphia.    Joe  Oh, okay. Well, that's not too far.    Tom  Yeah.    Joe  Well, I have a nephew, he just got back from Iraq.    Tom  Oh, yeah.    Joe  He was in the army and he's going to probably be going to Afghanistan he told me.  Um,    Tom  Again?    Joe  Well, yeah, he'll be going -- well, he's not sure yet because he's in the army and, uh,    Tom  Oh.    Joe  he didn't get his papers where he's going to be c- -- he's in upstate New York right now but he's going to -- have to probably go back to- to either Iraq or Af- Afghanistan.    Tom  Yeah.    Joe  So, he doesn't know. He's not sure.    Tom  Well, that's not fair.  I- I didn't know they could send them more than once.    Joe  Oh, well, there- there're been people that have been -- I don't know if you've been watching Sixty Minutes, there was a story of this lady that was -- her -- -- she's a, um,  uh, what do you call it, um,  uh, reservist    Tom  Uh-huh.    Joe  and she did her time back in the sixties and she's like fifty something years old now. And they're going to call her to go.    Tom  You got to be -- -- huh.  My goodness.    Joe  Yeah.  Yeah, they don't -- they don't have, um -- see what happened with the, um,  the volunteer army,  they're not getting enough people, so they're thinking of maybe get- putting in a draft.    Tom  Ah.  Eh, she was ar- she was already -- in the service -- and they're calling her back in?    Joe  Was in the service, she- -- yep, she did her time. She thought -- she's still in -- actually she's still in the service,    Tom  Oh, yeah.    Joe  but she did her time.    Tom  Oh, oh, she's still in the service.    Joe  Yeah.    Tom  Okay.    Joe  So they might- she -- -- this is what the story was about -- and there're some people that don't want to go.    Tom  Yeah.    Joe  You know,  so,  but it's- it's kind of a scary thing and I don't know if the United States is doing the right thing. I don't know, to tell you the truth.    Tom  I -- don't think so.    Joe  I- I kind of lean-    Tom  Uh, I think- -- I think Bush -- is, uh,  trying to -- -- you know, his his dad -- pulled everybody out when they just,  uh, kicked -- people out of, uh,    Joe  Kuwait.    Tom  Kuwait.    Joe  Yep.    Tom  Okay, he wants to make sure everything's done over there before he comes back.    Joe  Yeah, he wants to finish the job that his father    Tom  That's what I think.    Joe  started, pretty much.  That's why his father didn't want to invade Iraq, because of all these problems they're having now.  He knew that there was going to be -- look at all these insurgents. Look at what happened a couple days ago, they killed, um,  like seventy people. They -- put a bomb right into where the -- the, uh,    Tom  Oh, man. Well    Joe  (()) guys where stationed there in Iraq.    Tom  well, what's the the the    Joe  You know, I didn't en- vote for George Bush. I don't know why- how he got elected, I mean, there's a lot of people that did vote.    Tom  I don't either.  I didn't either vote for him either time,    Joe  Yeah.    Tom  you know.    Joe  Well, but, I mean, you know, I don't see what he's doing, I mean, look all the people that are leaving his cabinet -- and their calling for, um, Run- Rumsfeld's regigna- resignation and, uh,  even John McCain, he's a Republican, he wants him -- -- he wants Rumsfeld to get out of there.    Tom  Yeah.  I nev- eh,    Joe  ((Cool.))    Tom  have you noticed how many of his, uh,  um,  staff    Joe  Yeah, they're all    Tom  has resigned?    Joe  gone.  Yeah, look at Colin Powell, look at, uh, George    Tom  Yeah.    Joe  Tenet.  Uh, he's had, uh, quite a few. He's had at least,  at least eight at the- the last count I checked, probably more.    Tom  Yeah.    Joe  The Homeland Security guy, um,    Tom  R-    Joe  Tom Ridge, he's    Tom  Well, yeah, and and they named another one and he resigned.    Joe  gone.  Yeah, that guy Bernard, uh, the guy that was New York mayor. Or, not the mayor the New York police department chief or whatever. Eh, he quit, or he resigned. Something about,  um,  he had a legal maze or something.  Yeah, it's all -- you know, I I I don't know if we're doing the right thing because now look at Iran, what are we going to be, uh,  and he he's talking about trying to invade Iran now.    .
sgm file name: fsh_29786.sgm
Loading parser from serialized file englishPCFG.ser.gz ... done [2.6 sec].
     prompt  13. War in Iraq The US is currently engaged in major fighting in Fallujah, Iraq.  Much of the country is unstable, but national elections are still scheduled to take place in Iraq in January. Do you think the US is doing the right thing in Iraq?  If not, what should we be doing intstead?  Do you think the elections scheduled for January will take place, and if not, then what?    Allan  Hi, I'm Allan from ~LA.    A  You're from what?    Allan  ~LA, ~LA.    A  Uh-huh.    Allan  Um, yeah, ok- um, eh,  uh, it was talking something about, uh,  the war in Iraq, um,  I guess, yeah, it's a good thing -- about the elections that are going on.    A  Right.  I just talked to somebody from ~LA a couple days ago about that on the -- survey line.    Allan  Oh, the-    A  Um,    Allan  you got the same topic or-    A  yeah, I thought it was the same topic.  So,  huh.  So,    Allan  Uh.    A  do you think the elections are going to happen?    Allan  Sorry?    A  Do you think the elections are going to happen?    Allan  Yeah, I think the -- I think they're still they're going to go through even though, uh, even though,  um, what's it called,  that you know of all the -- turmoil that's happening there and all of the argu- you know, and all the -- killings and everything. I think it'll still go through, you know. The -- it's democracy, you know, you have to fight for it. It's not -- it doesn't come easily, you know.    A  Right. Yeah, that's why I think it will, too, because they- they pushed it in Iraq.  I mean, uh, excuse me, in Afghanistan.  They kept on scheduling them and they we're saying, oh, no no no, you know.    Allan  Um,  yeah, I think -- you know I think they should have continued to go through with it, and you know um -- if- if there is -- if there's problems, you know, just -- still -- don't, you know -- just ignore it, keep going, you know you can't -- stop, you know,if you already started something, you know, you should complete it, I think.    A  Right.    Allan  I mean, if they leave -- if they leave, you know, if the- eh, let's say they, you know, they just leave right now, you know, the the -- they can't, you know, I don't think the -- the -- the occupants themselves regain control and, you know, and mo- and, you know, and -- put down the power and, you know, an- and control everything they can. They just need they, you know, they need assistance and to get off -- get off, you know, on the right step. I think they're going to need the military to be in there.  And assist them with the elections and they need to complete the elections and all this.    A  Yeah, um,  yeah, I don't know what the end game,  per se, is going to be there, you know, because,  eh, they- the problem is the- is the culture, you know, it's -- pretty, uh,  you know, it's really almost like a modern day Crusades, you know, and that's- that's kind of hard, you know. A lot of -- there's a lot of embitterment that goes back generations and stuff, so,  you know, we have -- I don't know, I always think we have such a short mindset,  uh, but they don't. So, that's why,  uh, I- I don't know i- There's always going to be problems there, I just don't -- I don't know how long we should -- be in Iraq.  I mean, definitely to keep it stable.  I- -- eh, I just -- I- I think the situation could be handled better. I- I thought it was a great idea fir- them going in there -- and doing what they did but, uh, they had a short window of opportunity to win over the people and it didn't happen. I don't know if that was just out of our control or- or what or if we could've done a better job but, uh,  you know.    Allan  Do you support the -- do you- do you support the war?    A  What's that now?    Allan  Do you support the war?    A  Yeah. Yeah, I did at first I just- I just -- I -- don't like the way it was managed. I think -- I think, uh, they did a great job up front, of course. You know, they did militarily-wise,  they did an excellent job but I think they've done a poor job,  you know,  reconstructing and just controlling the situation. You know, they-    Allan  Yeah, I- I agree also. Yeah, I- I mean, I- I did support the war. I just think that when they went in there, you know they -- they just didn't -- you know, they didn't i- execute everything correctly, you know there was problems, you know.    A  Yeah.    Allan  And I think I mean, that that lead to it, but yeah, I mean they -- I mean eh you know you're already in it, so you know, you shouldn't -- you can't just walk down and, you know, stop, you got to complete what you're doing, you know.  So I    A  Right.    Allan  Yeah, um.    A  But, they- they definitely need to take a back seat to some sort -- you know, some sort of Iraqi government there. I know they set up the council,  uh, interim council, but that hasn't gone,  you know, perfe- smoothly.  Um, they still -- Americans have been calling the shots. So, if they can just sort of make a -- be- get into more of a supportive role and,  you know, flex their muscles when they need to and maybe that will help- help,  uh,  squall some of the vi- the violence. I don't know.  Eh,  if they could've -- if they could've shored up the borders,  right after going in there, that would've been a -- that would've been a- a big plus, you know.  I don't know if that could, uh,  if that's a -- plausible goal or not because, uh, it's just that- that -- a lot of that's, you know,  uh, weapons and terrorists have been, you know, getting through the borders, probably from Syria.    Allan  Yeah.    .
x101-186-99-dhcp:ModelFileFactory lixxx345$ 

